Installed Packages
1password.x86_64                                         8.9.14-1                             @1password                
GConf2.x86_64                                            3.2.6-34.fc36                        @fedora                   
ImageMagick.x86_64                                       1:6.9.12.70-1.fc36                   @updates                  
ImageMagick-c++.x86_64                                   1:6.9.12.70-1.fc36                   @updates                  
ImageMagick-libs.x86_64                                  1:6.9.12.70-1.fc36                   @updates                  
LibRaw.x86_64                                            0.20.2-5.fc36                        @anaconda                 
ModemManager.x86_64                                      1.18.8-1.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
ModemManager-glib.x86_64                                 1.18.8-1.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
NetworkManager.x86_64                                    1:1.38.6-1.fc36                      @updates                  
NetworkManager-adsl.x86_64                               1:1.38.6-1.fc36                      @updates                  
NetworkManager-bluetooth.x86_64                          1:1.38.6-1.fc36                      @updates                  
NetworkManager-config-connectivity-fedora.noarch         1:1.38.6-1.fc36                      @updates                  
NetworkManager-libnm.i686                                1:1.38.6-1.fc36                      @updates                  
NetworkManager-libnm.x86_64                              1:1.38.6-1.fc36                      @updates                  
NetworkManager-openconnect.x86_64                        1.2.8-2.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
NetworkManager-openconnect-gnome.x86_64                  1.2.8-2.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
NetworkManager-openvpn.x86_64                            1:1.8.18-1.fc36                      @anaconda                 
NetworkManager-openvpn-gnome.x86_64                      1:1.8.18-1.fc36                      @anaconda                 
NetworkManager-ppp.x86_64                                1:1.38.6-1.fc36                      @updates                  
NetworkManager-pptp.x86_64                               1:1.2.10-1.fc36                      @anaconda                 
NetworkManager-pptp-gnome.x86_64                         1:1.2.10-1.fc36                      @anaconda                 
NetworkManager-ssh.x86_64                                1.2.12-3.fc36                        @anaconda                 
NetworkManager-ssh-gnome.x86_64                          1.2.12-3.fc36                        @anaconda                 
NetworkManager-team.x86_64                               1:1.38.6-1.fc36                      @updates                  
NetworkManager-vpnc.x86_64                               1:1.2.8-1.fc36                       @anaconda                 
NetworkManager-vpnc-gnome.x86_64                         1:1.2.8-1.fc36                       @anaconda                 
NetworkManager-wifi.x86_64                               1:1.38.6-1.fc36                      @updates                  
NetworkManager-wwan.x86_64                               1:1.38.6-1.fc36                      @updates                  
PackageKit.x86_64                                        1.2.5-1.fc36                         @anaconda                 
PackageKit-command-not-found.x86_64                      1.2.5-1.fc36                         @anaconda                 
PackageKit-glib.x86_64                                   1.2.5-1.fc36                         @anaconda                 
PackageKit-gstreamer-plugin.x86_64                       1.2.5-1.fc36                         @anaconda                 
PackageKit-gtk3-module.x86_64                            1.2.5-1.fc36                         @anaconda                 
SDL2.i686                                                2.26.0-1.fc36                        @nobara-baseos-multilib   
SDL2.x86_64                                              2.26.0-1.fc36                        @nobara-baseos            
SDL2-devel.x86_64                                        2.26.0-1.fc36                        @nobara-baseos            
SDL2_image.x86_64                                        2.0.5-8.fc36                         @fedora                   
SDL2_mixer.x86_64                                        2.0.4-10.fc36                        @fedora                   
SDL2_ttf.x86_64                                          2.0.18-2.fc36                        @fedora                   
SDL_mixer.x86_64                                         1.2.12-24.fc36                       @fedora                   
aajohan-comfortaa-fonts.noarch                           3.101-4.fc36                         @anaconda                 
aardvark-dns.x86_64                                      1.4.0-1.fc36                         @updates                  
abattis-cantarell-fonts.noarch                           0.301-7.fc36                         @anaconda                 
abattis-cantarell-vf-fonts.noarch                        0.301-7.fc36                         @anaconda                 
abrt.x86_64                                              2.15.1-1.fc36                        @anaconda                 
abrt-addon-ccpp.x86_64                                   2.15.1-1.fc36                        @anaconda                 
abrt-addon-kerneloops.x86_64                             2.15.1-1.fc36                        @anaconda                 
abrt-addon-pstoreoops.x86_64                             2.15.1-1.fc36                        @anaconda                 
abrt-addon-vmcore.x86_64                                 2.15.1-1.fc36                        @anaconda                 
abrt-addon-xorg.x86_64                                   2.15.1-1.fc36                        @anaconda                 
abrt-cli.x86_64                                          2.15.1-1.fc36                        @anaconda                 
abrt-dbus.x86_64                                         2.15.1-1.fc36                        @anaconda                 
abrt-desktop.x86_64                                      2.15.1-1.fc36                        @anaconda                 
abrt-gui.x86_64                                          2.15.1-1.fc36                        @anaconda                 
abrt-gui-libs.x86_64                                     2.15.1-1.fc36                        @anaconda                 
abrt-java-connector.x86_64                               1.3.1-3.fc36                         @anaconda                 
abrt-libs.x86_64                                         2.15.1-1.fc36                        @anaconda                 
abrt-plugin-bodhi.x86_64                                 2.15.1-1.fc36                        @anaconda                 
abrt-retrace-client.x86_64                               2.15.1-1.fc36                        @anaconda                 
abrt-tui.noarch                                          2.15.1-1.fc36                        @anaconda                 
accountsservice.x86_64                                   0.6.55-9.fc36                        @anaconda                 
accountsservice-libs.x86_64                              0.6.55-9.fc36                        @anaconda                 
acl.x86_64                                               2.3.1-3.fc36                         @anaconda                 
adcli.x86_64                                             0.9.1-10.fc36                        @anaconda                 
adobe-mappings-cmap.noarch                               20230118-1.fc36                      @updates                  
adobe-mappings-cmap-deprecated.noarch                    20230118-1.fc36                      @updates                  
adobe-mappings-pdf.noarch                                20190401-1.fc36                      @anaconda                 
adobe-source-code-pro-fonts.noarch                       2.030.1.050-12.fc36                  @anaconda                 
adw-gtk3.x86_64                                          3.1-2.fc36                           @nobara-baseos            
adwaita-cursor-theme.noarch                              42.0-1.fc36                          @anaconda                 
adwaita-gtk2-theme.x86_64                                3.28-14.fc36                         @anaconda                 
adwaita-icon-theme.noarch                                42.0-1.fc36                          @anaconda                 
adwaita-qt5.x86_64                                       1.4.2-1.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
adwaita-qt6.x86_64                                       1.4.2-1.fc36                         @updates                  
akmod-xone.x86_64                                        0.2-3.fc36                           @nobara-baseos            
akmod-xpadneo.x86_64                                     0.9.5-1.fc36                         @nobara-baseos            
akmods.noarch                                            0.5.7-8.fc36                         @updates                  
alsa-lib.i686                                            1.2.8-1.fc36                         @updates                  
alsa-lib.x86_64                                          1.2.8-1.fc36                         @updates                  
alsa-plugins-pulseaudio.x86_64                           1.2.7.1-1.fc36                       @fedora-updates           
alsa-sof-firmware.noarch                                 2.2.2-1.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
alsa-ucm.noarch                                          1.2.8-1.fc36                         @updates                  
alsa-utils.x86_64                                        1.2.8-1.fc36                         @updates                  
alternatives.x86_64                                      1.21-1.fc36                          @updates                  
amd-gpu-firmware.noarch                                  20221214-142.fc36                    @nobara-baseos            
anaconda.x86_64                                          36.16.5-12.fc36                      @nobara-baseos            
anaconda-core.x86_64                                     36.16.5-12.fc36                      @nobara-baseos            
anaconda-gui.x86_64                                      36.16.5-12.fc36                      @nobara-baseos            
anaconda-install-env-deps.x86_64                         36.16.5-12.fc36                      @nobara-baseos            
anaconda-live.x86_64                                     36.16.5-12.fc36                      @nobara-baseos            
anaconda-tui.x86_64                                      36.16.5-12.fc36                      @nobara-baseos            
anaconda-user-help.noarch                                26.2-2.fc36                          @anaconda                 
anaconda-widgets.x86_64                                  36.16.5-12.fc36                      @nobara-baseos            
angband.x86_64                                           4.2.4-1.fc36                         @fedora                   
angband-data.noarch                                      4.2.4-1.fc36                         @fedora                   
annobin-docs.noarch                                      10.93-1.fc36                         @updates                  
annobin-plugin-gcc.x86_64                                10.93-1.fc36                         @updates                  
ansible-srpm-macros.noarch                               1-8.1.fc36                           @updates                  
anthy-unicode.x86_64                                     1.0.0.20211224-5.fc36                @fedora-updates           
antiword.x86_64                                          0.37-33.fc36                         @anaconda                 
apparmor-libs.x86_64                                     3.1.2-0.3.fc36                       @nobara-baseos            
apparmor-parser.x86_64                                   3.1.2-0.3.fc36                       @nobara-baseos            
apparmor-profiles.noarch                                 3.1.2-0.3.fc36                       @nobara-baseos            
apparmor-utils.x86_64                                    3.1.2-0.3.fc36                       @nobara-baseos            
appstream.x86_64                                         0.15.5-1.fc36                        @updates                  
appstream-data.noarch                                    36-5.fc36                            @updates                  
apr.x86_64                                               1.7.0-16.fc36                        @anaconda                 
apr-util.x86_64                                          1.6.1-20.fc36                        @anaconda                 
apr-util-bdb.x86_64                                      1.6.1-20.fc36                        @anaconda                 
apr-util-openssl.x86_64                                  1.6.1-20.fc36                        @anaconda                 
at-spi2-atk.i686                                         2.38.0-4.fc36                        @anaconda                 
at-spi2-atk.x86_64                                       2.38.0-4.fc36                        @anaconda                 
at-spi2-core.i686                                        2.44.1-1.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
at-spi2-core.x86_64                                      2.44.1-1.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
atk.i686                                                 2.38.0-1.fc36                        @anaconda                 
atk.x86_64                                               2.38.0-1.fc36                        @anaconda                 
atkmm.x86_64                                             2.28.3-1.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
atmel-firmware.noarch                                    1.3-26.fc36                          @anaconda                 
attr.x86_64                                              2.5.1-4.fc36                         @anaconda                 
audit.x86_64                                             3.0.9-1.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
audit-libs.x86_64                                        3.0.9-1.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
augeas-libs.x86_64                                       1.13.0-2.fc36                        @anaconda                 
authselect.x86_64                                        1.4.0-1.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
authselect-libs.x86_64                                   1.4.0-1.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
auto-cpufreq.noarch                                      1.9.7-1                              @nobara-baseos            
autoconf.noarch                                          2.71-3.fc36                          @updates                  
automake.noarch                                          1.16.5-7.fc36                        @updates                  
avahi.x86_64                                             0.8-16.fc36                          @updates                  
avahi-glib.x86_64                                        0.8-16.fc36                          @updates                  
avahi-libs.i686                                          0.8-16.fc36                          @updates                  
avahi-libs.x86_64                                        0.8-16.fc36                          @updates                  
avahi-tools.x86_64                                       0.8-16.fc36                          @updates                  
avahi-ui-gtk3.x86_64                                     0.8-16.fc36                          @updates                  
b43-fwcutter.x86_64                                      019-21.fc36                          @anaconda                 
b43-openfwwf.noarch                                      5.2-28.fc36                          @anaconda                 
babl.x86_64                                              0.1.92-1.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
baobab.x86_64                                            42.0-1.fc36                          @anaconda                 
basesystem.noarch                                        11-13.fc36                           @anaconda                 
bash.x86_64                                              5.2.15-1.fc36                        @updates                  
bash-completion.noarch                                   1:2.11-6.fc36                        @anaconda                 
bc.x86_64                                                1.07.1-15.fc36                       @anaconda                 
bcache-tools.x86_64                                      1.1-2.fc36                           @anaconda                 
bind-libs.x86_64                                         32:9.16.33-1.fc36                    @fedora-updates           
bind-license.noarch                                      32:9.16.33-1.fc36                    @fedora-updates           
bind-utils.x86_64                                        32:9.16.33-1.fc36                    @fedora-updates           
binutils.x86_64                                          2.37-37.fc36                         @updates                  
binutils-gold.x86_64                                     2.37-37.fc36                         @updates                  
bison.x86_64                                             3.8.2-2.fc36                         @fedora                   
bitstream-vera-sans-fonts.noarch                         1.10-46.fc36                         @fedora                   
bitstream-vera-sans-mono-fonts.noarch                    1.10-46.fc36                         @fedora                   
blivet-data.noarch                                       1:3.4.4-1.fc36                       @fedora-updates           
blivet-gui-runtime.noarch                                2.3.0-5.fc36                         @anaconda                 
bluez.x86_64                                             5.66-4.fc36                          @updates                  
bluez-cups.x86_64                                        5.66-4.fc36                          @updates                  
bluez-libs.i686                                          5.66-4.fc36                          @updates                  
bluez-libs.x86_64                                        5.66-4.fc36                          @updates                  
bluez-obexd.x86_64                                       5.66-4.fc36                          @updates                  
bluez-tools.x86_64                                       0.2.0-0.18.git20170912.7cb788c.fc36  @fedora                   
bodhi-client.noarch                                      7.0.1-1.fc36                         @updates                  
bolt.x86_64                                              0.9.2-1.fc36                         @anaconda                 
boost-filesystem.x86_64                                  1.76.0-12.fc36                       @fedora-updates           
boost-iostreams.x86_64                                   1.76.0-12.fc36                       @updates                  
boost-program-options.x86_64                             1.76.0-12.fc36                       @updates                  
boost-random.x86_64                                      1.76.0-12.fc36                       @updates                  
boost-regex.x86_64                                       1.76.0-12.fc36                       @fedora-updates           
boost-system.x86_64                                      1.76.0-12.fc36                       @fedora-updates           
boost-thread.x86_64                                      1.76.0-12.fc36                       @fedora-updates           
borgbackup.x86_64                                        1.2.3-1.fc36                         @updates                  
brasero-libs.x86_64                                      3.12.3-1.fc36                        @anaconda                 
bridge-utils.x86_64                                      1.7.1-4.fc36                         @fedora                   
brlapi.x86_64                                            0.8.4-4.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
brltty.x86_64                                            6.5-4.fc36                           @fedora-updates           
btrfs-progs.x86_64                                       6.1.2-1.fc36                         @updates                  
bubblewrap.x86_64                                        0.5.0-2.fc36                         @anaconda                 
bzip2.x86_64                                             1.0.8-11.fc36                        @anaconda                 
bzip2-libs.i686                                          1.0.8-11.fc36                        @anaconda                 
bzip2-libs.x86_64                                        1.0.8-11.fc36                        @anaconda                 
c-ares.x86_64                                            1.17.2-2.fc36                        @anaconda                 
ca-certificates.noarch                                   2022.2.54-1.2.fc36                   @fedora-updates           
cabextract.x86_64                                        1.9.1-3.fc36                         @anaconda                 
caca-utils.x86_64                                        0.99-0.59.beta20.fc36                @anaconda                 
cairo.i686                                               1.17.6-1.fc36                        @anaconda                 
cairo.x86_64                                             1.17.6-1.fc36                        @anaconda                 
cairo-gobject.i686                                       1.17.6-1.fc36                        @anaconda                 
cairo-gobject.x86_64                                     1.17.6-1.fc36                        @anaconda                 
cairomm.x86_64                                           1.14.2-22.fc36                       @anaconda                 
capstone.x86_64                                          4.0.2-9.fc36                         @fedora                   
catatonit.x86_64                                         0.1.7-10.fc36                        @updates                  
catimg.x86_64                                            2.7.0-5.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
cdparanoia-libs.i686                                     10.2-39.fc36                         @anaconda                 
cdparanoia-libs.x86_64                                   10.2-39.fc36                         @anaconda                 
checkpolicy.x86_64                                       3.3-2.fc36                           @anaconda                 
cheese.x86_64                                            2:41.1-2.fc36                        @anaconda                 
cheese-libs.x86_64                                       2:41.1-2.fc36                        @anaconda                 
chkconfig.x86_64                                         1.21-1.fc36                          @updates                  
chrony.x86_64                                            4.3-1.fc36                           @updates                  
cifs-utils.x86_64                                        6.15-1.fc36                          @fedora-updates           
cifs-utils-info.x86_64                                   6.15-1.fc36                          @fedora-updates           
cjkuni-uming-fonts.noarch                                0.2.20080216.1-68.fc36               @fedora                   
clang.x86_64                                             14.0.5-2.fc36                        @updates                  
clang-libs.x86_64                                        14.0.5-2.fc36                        @updates                  
clang-resource-filesystem.x86_64                         14.0.5-2.fc36                        @updates                  
cldr-emoji-annotation.noarch                             1:41-1.fc36                          @fedora-updates           
cldr-emoji-annotation-dtd.noarch                         1:41-1.fc36                          @fedora-updates           
clutter.x86_64                                           1.26.4-8.fc36                        @anaconda                 
clutter-gst3.x86_64                                      3.0.27-9.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
clutter-gtk.x86_64                                       1.8.4-13.fc36                        @anaconda                 
cmake-filesystem.x86_64                                  3.25.2-1.fc36                        @updates                  
cmrt.x86_64                                              1.0.6-17.fc36                        @anaconda                 
code.x86_64                                              1.74.3-1673284922.el7                @@commandline             
cogl.x86_64                                              1.22.8-5.fc36                        @anaconda                 
color-filesystem.noarch                                  1-28.fc36                            @anaconda                 
colord.x86_64                                            1.4.6-1.fc36                         @anaconda                 
colord-gtk4.x86_64                                       0.3.0-1.fc36                         @anaconda                 
colord-libs.i686                                         1.4.6-1.fc36                         @anaconda                 
colord-libs.x86_64                                       1.4.6-1.fc36                         @anaconda                 
comgr.x86_64                                             5.2.3.50203.2-copr.fc36              @nobara-baseos            
compat-lua-libs.x86_64                                   5.1.5-20.fc36                        @fedora                   
compiler-rt.x86_64                                       14.0.5-1.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
compsize.x86_64                                          1.5-3.fc36                           @anaconda                 
conmon.x86_64                                            2:2.1.5-1.fc36                       @updates                  
container-selinux.noarch                                 2:2.198.0-1.fc36                     @updates                  
containers-common.noarch                                 4:1-65.fc36                          @updates                  
containers-common-extra.noarch                           4:1-65.fc36                          @updates                  
copy-jdk-configs.noarch                                  4.1-1.fc36                           @updates                  
coreutils.x86_64                                         9.0-9.fc36                           @updates                  
coreutils-common.x86_64                                  9.0-9.fc36                           @updates                  
corosynclib.x86_64                                       3.1.7-1.fc36                         @updates                  
cpio.x86_64                                              2.13-12.fc36                         @anaconda                 
cpp.x86_64                                               12.2.1-4.fc36                        @updates                  
cracklib.x86_64                                          2.9.6-28.fc36                        @anaconda                 
cracklib-dicts.x86_64                                    2.9.6-28.fc36                        @anaconda                 
crawl-common-data.noarch                                 0.29.1-2.fc36                        @updates                  
crawl-tiles.x86_64                                       0.29.1-2.fc36                        @updates                  
createrepo_c.x86_64                                      0.20.1-1.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
createrepo_c-libs.x86_64                                 0.20.1-1.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
criu.x86_64                                              3.17.1-2.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
criu-libs.x86_64                                         3.17.1-2.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
cronie.x86_64                                            1.5.7-5.fc36                         @updates                  
cronie-anacron.x86_64                                    1.5.7-5.fc36                         @updates                  
crontabs.noarch                                          1.11-27.20190603git.fc36             @updates                  
crun.x86_64                                              1.7.2-3.fc36                         @updates                  
crypto-policies.noarch                                   20220428-1.gitdfb10ea.fc36           @fedora-updates           
crypto-policies-scripts.noarch                           20220428-1.gitdfb10ea.fc36           @fedora-updates           
cryptsetup.x86_64                                        2.4.3-2.fc36                         @anaconda                 
cryptsetup-libs.x86_64                                   2.4.3-2.fc36                         @anaconda                 
ctags.x86_64                                             5.9-3.20220206.0.fc36                @anaconda                 
cups.x86_64                                              1:2.4.2-5.fc36                       @updates                  
cups-client.x86_64                                       1:2.4.2-5.fc36                       @updates                  
cups-filesystem.noarch                                   1:2.4.2-5.fc36                       @updates                  
cups-filters.x86_64                                      1.28.16-2.fc36                       @fedora-updates           
cups-filters-braille.x86_64                              1.28.16-2.fc36                       @fedora-updates           
cups-filters-libs.x86_64                                 1.28.16-2.fc36                       @fedora-updates           
cups-ipptool.x86_64                                      1:2.4.2-5.fc36                       @updates                  
cups-libs.i686                                           1:2.4.2-5.fc36                       @updates                  
cups-libs.x86_64                                         1:2.4.2-5.fc36                       @updates                  
cups-pk-helper.x86_64                                    0.2.6-14.fc36                        @anaconda                 
curl.x86_64                                              7.82.0-12.fc36                       @updates                  
cxl-libs.x86_64                                          75-1.fc36                            @updates                  
cyrus-sasl.x86_64                                        2.1.27-18.fc36                       @fedora                   
cyrus-sasl-gssapi.x86_64                                 2.1.27-18.fc36                       @anaconda                 
cyrus-sasl-lib.i686                                      2.1.27-18.fc36                       @anaconda                 
cyrus-sasl-lib.x86_64                                    2.1.27-18.fc36                       @anaconda                 
cyrus-sasl-plain.x86_64                                  2.1.27-18.fc36                       @anaconda                 
dash.x86_64                                              0.5.10.2-10.fc36                     @anaconda                 
daxctl-libs.x86_64                                       75-1.fc36                            @updates                  
dbus.x86_64                                              1:1.14.4-1.fc36                      @updates                  
dbus-broker.x86_64                                       32-1.fc36                            @fedora-updates           
dbus-common.noarch                                       1:1.14.4-1.fc36                      @updates                  
dbus-daemon.x86_64                                       1:1.14.4-1.fc36                      @updates                  
dbus-glib.x86_64                                         0.112-3.fc36                         @anaconda                 
dbus-libs.i686                                           1:1.14.4-1.fc36                      @updates                  
dbus-libs.x86_64                                         1:1.14.4-1.fc36                      @updates                  
dbus-tools.x86_64                                        1:1.14.4-1.fc36                      @updates                  
dbus-x11.x86_64                                          1:1.14.4-1.fc36                      @updates                  
dbusmenu-qt.x86_64                                       0.9.3-0.28.20160218.fc36             @fedora                   
dconf.i686                                               0.40.0-6.fc36                        @anaconda                 
dconf.x86_64                                             0.40.0-6.fc36                        @anaconda                 
dconf-editor.x86_64                                      3.38.3-3.fc36                        @anaconda                 
debugedit.x86_64                                         5.0-3.fc36                           @anaconda                 
dee.x86_64                                               1.2.7-40.fc36                        @anaconda                 
default-editor.noarch                                    6.0-2.fc36                           @anaconda                 
dejavu-sans-fonts.noarch                                 2.37-18.fc36                         @anaconda                 
dejavu-sans-mono-fonts.noarch                            2.37-18.fc36                         @anaconda                 
dejavu-serif-fonts.noarch                                2.37-18.fc36                         @anaconda                 
deltarpm.x86_64                                          3.6.2-11.fc36                        @anaconda                 
desktop-backgrounds-gnome.noarch                         36.0.0-10.fc36                       @nobara-baseos            
desktop-file-utils.x86_64                                0.26-6.fc36                          @anaconda                 
device-mapper.x86_64                                     1.02.175-7.fc36                      @anaconda                 
device-mapper-event.x86_64                               1.02.175-7.fc36                      @anaconda                 
device-mapper-event-libs.x86_64                          1.02.175-7.fc36                      @anaconda                 
device-mapper-libs.x86_64                                1.02.175-7.fc36                      @anaconda                 
device-mapper-multipath-libs.x86_64                      0.8.7-9.fc36                         @updates                  
device-mapper-persistent-data.x86_64                     0.9.0-7.fc36                         @anaconda                 
devscripts-checkbashisms.x86_64                          2.22.1-1.fc36                        @anaconda                 
dhcp-client.x86_64                                       12:4.4.3-4.P1.fc36                   @updates                  
dhcp-common.noarch                                       12:4.4.3-4.P1.fc36                   @updates                  
diffutils.x86_64                                         3.8-2.fc36                           @anaconda                 
discord.x86_64                                           0.0.22-1.fc36                        @nobara-appstream         
distribution-gpg-keys.noarch                             1.81-1.fc36                          @updates                  
djvulibre-libs.x86_64                                    3.5.28-2.fc36                        @anaconda                 
dleyna-connector-dbus.x86_64                             0.3.0-12.fc36                        @anaconda                 
dleyna-core.x86_64                                       0.6.0-13.fc36                        @anaconda                 
dleyna-renderer.x86_64                                   0.6.0-14.fc36                        @anaconda                 
dleyna-server.x86_64                                     0.6.0-13.fc36                        @anaconda                 
dmidecode.x86_64                                         1:3.3-3.fc36                         @anaconda                 
dmraid.x86_64                                            1.0.0.rc16-52.fc36                   @anaconda                 
dmraid-events.x86_64                                     1.0.0.rc16-52.fc36                   @anaconda                 
dmraid-libs.x86_64                                       1.0.0.rc16-52.fc36                   @anaconda                 
dnf.noarch                                               4.14.0-2.fc36                        @nobara-baseos            
dnf-data.noarch                                          4.14.0-2.fc36                        @nobara-baseos            
dnf-plugins-core.noarch                                  4.3.1-2.fc36                         @nobara-baseos            
dnf-utils.noarch                                         4.3.1-2.fc36                         @nobara-baseos            
dnfdaemon.noarch                                         0.3.21-0.1.git20220916.fc36          @nobara-baseos            
dnfdaemon-selinux.noarch                                 0.3.21-0.1.git20220916.fc36          @nobara-baseos            
dnsmasq.x86_64                                           2.86-10.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
dos2unix.x86_64                                          7.4.2-4.fc36                         @anaconda                 
dosfstools.x86_64                                        4.2-3.fc36                           @anaconda                 
dotconf.x86_64                                           1.3-28.fc36                          @anaconda                 
double-conversion.x86_64                                 3.1.5-6.fc36                         @anaconda                 
dracut.x86_64                                            057-3.fc36                           @fedora-updates           
dracut-config-rescue.x86_64                              057-3.fc36                           @fedora-updates           
dracut-live.x86_64                                       057-3.fc36                           @fedora-updates           
dracut-network.x86_64                                    057-3.fc36                           @fedora-updates           
dracut-squash.x86_64                                     057-3.fc36                           @fedora-updates           
drpm.x86_64                                              0.5.1-1.fc36                         @anaconda                 
dwz.x86_64                                               0.14-4.fc36                          @fedora-updates           
e2fsprogs.x86_64                                         1.46.5-2.fc36                        @anaconda                 
e2fsprogs-libs.x86_64                                    1.46.5-2.fc36                        @anaconda                 
ed.x86_64                                                1.14.2-12.fc36                       @anaconda                 
edk2-ovmf.noarch                                         20221117gitfff6d81270b5-9.fc36       @updates                  
efi-filesystem.noarch                                    5-5.fc36                             @anaconda                 
efi-srpm-macros.noarch                                   5-5.fc36                             @anaconda                 
efibootmgr.x86_64                                        16-12.fc36                           @anaconda                 
efivar-libs.x86_64                                       38-6.fc36                            @updates                  
egl-gbm.x86_64                                           1.1.0-2.fc36                         @anaconda                 
egl-wayland.x86_64                                       1.1.11-1.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
elfutils.x86_64                                          0.188-3.fc36                         @updates                  
elfutils-debuginfod-client.i686                          0.188-3.fc36                         @updates                  
elfutils-debuginfod-client.x86_64                        0.188-3.fc36                         @updates                  
elfutils-default-yama-scope.noarch                       0.188-3.fc36                         @updates                  
elfutils-libelf.i686                                     0.188-3.fc36                         @updates                  
elfutils-libelf.x86_64                                   0.188-3.fc36                         @updates                  
elfutils-libelf-devel.x86_64                             0.188-3.fc36                         @updates                  
elfutils-libs.i686                                       0.188-3.fc36                         @updates                  
elfutils-libs.x86_64                                     0.188-3.fc36                         @updates                  
emacs-filesystem.noarch                                  1:28.2-1.fc36                        @updates                  
enchant.x86_64                                           1:1.6.0-30.fc36                      @anaconda                 
enchant2.x86_64                                          2.3.2-5.fc36                         @anaconda                 
eog.x86_64                                               42.3-1.fc36                          @fedora-updates           
espeak-ng.x86_64                                         1.50-7.fc36                          @anaconda                 
ethtool.x86_64                                           2:6.1-1.fc36                         @updates                  
evince.x86_64                                            42.4-1.fc36                          @updates                  
evince-djvu.x86_64                                       42.4-1.fc36                          @updates                  
evince-libs.x86_64                                       42.4-1.fc36                          @updates                  
evince-nautilus.x86_64                                   42.4-1.fc36                          @updates                  
evince-previewer.x86_64                                  42.4-1.fc36                          @updates                  
evince-thumbnailer.x86_64                                42.4-1.fc36                          @updates                  
evolution-data-server.x86_64                             3.44.4-2.fc36                        @updates                  
evolution-data-server-langpacks.noarch                   3.44.4-2.fc36                        @updates                  
exempi.x86_64                                            2.6.0-0.2.20211007gite23c213.fc36    @anaconda                 
exfatprogs.x86_64                                        1.2.0-1.fc36                         @updates                  
exiv2.x86_64                                             0.27.5-2.fc36                        @anaconda                 
exiv2-libs.x86_64                                        0.27.5-2.fc36                        @anaconda                 
expat.i686                                               2.5.0-1.fc36                         @updates                  
expat.x86_64                                             2.5.0-1.fc36                         @updates                  
faad2-libs.i686                                          1:2.10.1-1.fc36                      @rpmfusion-free-updates   
faad2-libs.x86_64                                        1:2.10.1-1.fc36                      @rpmfusion-free-updates   
fakeroot.x86_64                                          1.30.1-1.fc36                        @updates                  
fakeroot-libs.x86_64                                     1.30.1-1.fc36                        @updates                  
fdk-aac-free.i686                                        2.0.0-8.fc36                         @anaconda                 
fdk-aac-free.x86_64                                      2.0.0-8.fc36                         @anaconda                 
fedora-chromium-config.noarch                            1.2-3.fc36                           @fedora-updates           
fedora-flathub-remote.noarch                             1-2.fc36                             @anaconda                 
fedora-gpg-keys.noarch                                   36-49                                @nobara-baseos            
fedora-packager.noarch                                   0.6.0.6-3.fc35                       @anaconda                 
fedora-packager-kerberos.noarch                          0.6.0.6-3.fc35                       @anaconda                 
fedora-packager-yubikey.noarch                           0.6.0.6-3.fc35                       @anaconda                 
fedora-repos.noarch                                      36-49                                @nobara-baseos            
fedora-third-party.noarch                                0.10-1.fc36                          @anaconda                 
fedora-workstation-backgrounds.noarch                    1.3-1.fc36                           @fedora-updates           
fedpkg.noarch                                            1.43-2.fc36                          @fedora-updates           
ffmpeg-libs.i686                                         5.0.2-1.fc36                         @rpmfusion-free-updates   
ffmpeg-libs.x86_64                                       5.0.2-1.fc36                         @rpmfusion-free-updates   
fftw-libs-double.x86_64                                  3.3.10-2.fc36                        @fedora                   
file.x86_64                                              5.41-4.fc36                          @anaconda                 
file-libs.x86_64                                         5.41-4.fc36                          @anaconda                 
file-roller.x86_64                                       3.42.0-1.fc36                        @anaconda                 
filesystem.x86_64                                        3.18-2.fc36                          @fedora-updates           
findutils.x86_64                                         1:4.9.0-1.fc36                       @anaconda                 
firefox.x86_64                                           108.0.1-3.fc36                       @nobara-baseos            
firewalld.noarch                                         1.2.3-1.fc36                         @updates                  
firewalld-filesystem.noarch                              1.2.3-1.fc36                         @updates                  
flac-libs.i686                                           1.3.4-1.fc36                         @anaconda                 
flac-libs.x86_64                                         1.3.4-1.fc36                         @anaconda                 
flashrom.x86_64                                          1.2-8.fc36                           @anaconda                 
flatpak.x86_64                                           1.12.7-8.fc36                        @nobara-baseos            
flatpak-libs.x86_64                                      1.12.7-8.fc36                        @nobara-baseos            
flatpak-selinux.noarch                                   1.12.7-8.fc36                        @nobara-baseos            
flatpak-session-helper.x86_64                            1.12.7-8.fc36                        @nobara-baseos            
flex.x86_64                                              2.6.4-10.fc36                        @fedora                   
flexiblas.x86_64                                         3.3.0-1.fc36                         @updates                  
flexiblas-netlib.x86_64                                  3.3.0-1.fc36                         @updates                  
flexiblas-openblas-openmp.x86_64                         3.3.0-1.fc36                         @updates                  
fluid-soundfont-common.noarch                            3.1-26.fc36                          @fedora                   
fluid-soundfont-gm.noarch                                3.1-26.fc36                          @fedora                   
fluidsynth.x86_64                                        2.3.1-1.fc36                         @updates                  
fluidsynth-libs.x86_64                                   2.3.1-1.fc36                         @updates                  
fmt.x86_64                                               8.1.1-5.fc36                         @fedora                   
folks.x86_64                                             1:0.15.5-1.fc36                      @anaconda                 
fontconfig.i686                                          2.14.1-2.fc36                        @updates                  
fontconfig.x86_64                                        2.14.1-2.fc36                        @updates                  
fonts-filesystem.noarch                                  1:2.0.5-7.fc36                       @anaconda                 
fonts-srpm-macros.noarch                                 1:2.0.5-7.fc36                       @anaconda                 
foomatic.x86_64                                          4.0.13-22.fc36                       @anaconda                 
foomatic-db.noarch                                       4.0-73.20210611.fc36                 @anaconda                 
foomatic-db-filesystem.noarch                            4.0-73.20210611.fc36                 @anaconda                 
foomatic-db-ppds.noarch                                  4.0-73.20210611.fc36                 @anaconda                 
fpaste.noarch                                            0.4.3.0-1.fc36                       @updates                  
fpc-srpm-macros.noarch                                   1.3-5.fc36                           @anaconda                 
fprintd.x86_64                                           1.94.2-2.fc36                        @anaconda                 
fprintd-pam.x86_64                                       1.94.2-2.fc36                        @anaconda                 
freeglut.x86_64                                          3.2.2-1.fc36                         @anaconda                 
freeipmi.x86_64                                          1.6.10-1.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
freerdp.x86_64                                           2:2.9.0-1.fc36                       @updates                  
freerdp-libs.x86_64                                      2:2.9.0-1.fc36                       @updates                  
freetype.i686                                            2.12.1-2.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
freetype.x86_64                                          2.12.1-2.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
frei0r-plugins.x86_64                                    1.7.0-14.fc36                        @anaconda                 
fribidi.i686                                             1.0.11-3.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
fribidi.x86_64                                           1.0.11-3.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
fros.noarch                                              1.1-28.fc36                          @anaconda                 
fros-gnome.noarch                                        1.1-28.fc36                          @anaconda                 
fstrm.x86_64                                             0.6.1-4.fc36                         @anaconda                 
fuse.x86_64                                              2.9.9-14.fc36                        @anaconda                 
fuse-common.x86_64                                       3.10.5-2.fc36                        @anaconda                 
fuse-libs.x86_64                                         2.9.9-14.fc36                        @anaconda                 
fuse-overlayfs.x86_64                                    1.9-6.fc36                           @updates                  
fuse3.x86_64                                             3.10.5-2.fc36                        @anaconda                 
fuse3-libs.x86_64                                        3.10.5-2.fc36                        @anaconda                 
fwupd.x86_64                                             1.8.6-1.fc36                         @updates                  
fwupd-efi.x86_64                                         1.3-1.fc36                           @fedora-updates           
fwupd-plugin-flashrom.x86_64                             1.8.6-1.fc36                         @updates                  
fwupd-plugin-modem-manager.x86_64                        1.8.6-1.fc36                         @updates                  
fwupd-plugin-uefi-capsule-data.x86_64                    1.8.6-1.fc36                         @updates                  
gamemode.i686                                            1.6-4.fc36                           @anaconda                 
gamemode.x86_64                                          1.6-4.fc36                           @anaconda                 
gamescope.x86_64                                         3.11.51-git.20221227.f863708.fc36    @nobara-baseos            
gavl.x86_64                                              1.4.0-20.fc36                        @anaconda                 
gawk.x86_64                                              5.1.1-2.fc36                         @anaconda                 
gawk-all-langpacks.x86_64                                5.1.1-2.fc36                         @anaconda                 
gc.x86_64                                                8.0.6-3.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
gcc.x86_64                                               12.2.1-4.fc36                        @updates                  
gcc-c++.x86_64                                           12.2.1-4.fc36                        @updates                  
gcc-gdb-plugin.x86_64                                    12.2.1-4.fc36                        @updates                  
gcc-gfortran.x86_64                                      12.2.1-4.fc36                        @updates                  
gcc-plugin-annobin.x86_64                                12.2.1-4.fc36                        @updates                  
gcr.x86_64                                               3.41.1-1.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
gcr-base.x86_64                                          3.41.1-1.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
gd.i686                                                  2.3.3-5.fc36                         @anaconda                 
gd.x86_64                                                2.3.3-5.fc36                         @anaconda                 
gdb.x86_64                                               12.1-2.fc36                          @updates                  
gdb-headless.x86_64                                      12.1-2.fc36                          @updates                  
gdbm-libs.i686                                           1:1.22-2.fc36                        @anaconda                 
gdbm-libs.x86_64                                         1:1.22-2.fc36                        @anaconda                 
gdisk.x86_64                                             1.0.9-2.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
gdk-pixbuf2.i686                                         2.42.9-2.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
gdk-pixbuf2.x86_64                                       2.42.9-2.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
gdk-pixbuf2-modules.i686                                 2.42.9-2.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
gdk-pixbuf2-modules.x86_64                               2.42.9-2.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
gdk-pixbuf2-xlib.x86_64                                  2.40.2-4.fc36                        @anaconda                 
gdm.x86_64                                               1:42.0-3.fc36                        @nobara-baseos            
gdouros-symbola-fonts.noarch                             10.24-10.fc36                        @anaconda                 
gedit.x86_64                                             2:42.2-1.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
gegl04.x86_64                                            0.4.38-1.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
geoclue2.x86_64                                          2.6.0-2.fc36                         @anaconda                 
geoclue2-libs.x86_64                                     2.6.0-2.fc36                         @anaconda                 
geocode-glib.x86_64                                      3.26.4-1.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
geolite2-city.noarch                                     20191217-6.fc36                      @anaconda                 
geolite2-country.noarch                                  20191217-6.fc36                      @anaconda                 
gettext.x86_64                                           0.21-9.fc36                          @anaconda                 
gettext-libs.x86_64                                      0.21-9.fc36                          @anaconda                 
gfbgraph.x86_64                                          0.2.4-2.fc36                         @anaconda                 
ghc-base.x86_64                                          4.14.2.0-117.fc36                    @anaconda                 
ghc-mountpoints.x86_64                                   1.0.2-19.fc36                        @anaconda                 
ghc-srpm-macros.noarch                                   1.5.0-6.fc36                         @anaconda                 
ghostscript.x86_64                                       9.56.1-5.fc36                        @updates                  
ghostscript-tools-fonts.x86_64                           9.56.1-5.fc36                        @updates                  
ghostscript-tools-printing.x86_64                        9.56.1-5.fc36                        @updates                  
giflib.x86_64                                            5.2.1-14.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
git.x86_64                                               2.39.1-1.fc36                        @updates                  
git-core.x86_64                                          2.39.1-1.fc36                        @updates                  
git-core-doc.noarch                                      2.39.1-1.fc36                        @updates                  
gjs.x86_64                                               1.72.2-2.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
glib-networking.i686                                     2.72.2-1.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
glib-networking.x86_64                                   2.72.2-1.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
glib2.i686                                               2.72.3-1.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
glib2.x86_64                                             2.72.3-1.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
glib2-devel.x86_64                                       2.72.3-1.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
glibc.i686                                               2.35-10.fc36                         @nobara-baseos-multilib   
glibc.x86_64                                             2.35-10.fc36                         @nobara-baseos            
glibc-all-langpacks.x86_64                               2.35-10.fc36                         @nobara-baseos            
glibc-common.x86_64                                      2.35-10.fc36                         @nobara-baseos            
glibc-devel.x86_64                                       2.35-10.fc36                         @nobara-baseos            
glibc-gconv-extra.i686                                   2.35-10.fc36                         @nobara-baseos-multilib   
glibc-gconv-extra.x86_64                                 2.35-10.fc36                         @nobara-baseos            
glibc-headers-x86.noarch                                 2.35-10.fc36                         @nobara-baseos            
glibc-langpack-en.x86_64                                 2.35-10.fc36                         @nobara-baseos            
glibmm24.x86_64                                          2.66.4-1.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
glusterfs.x86_64                                         10.3-1.fc36                          @updates                  
glusterfs-cli.x86_64                                     10.3-1.fc36                          @updates                  
glusterfs-client-xlators.x86_64                          10.3-1.fc36                          @updates                  
glusterfs-fuse.x86_64                                    10.3-1.fc36                          @updates                  
glx-utils.x86_64                                         8.4.0-13.20210504git0f9e7d9.fc36     @anaconda                 
gmp.i686                                                 1:6.2.1-2.fc36                       @anaconda                 
gmp.x86_64                                               1:6.2.1-2.fc36                       @anaconda                 
gmp-c++.x86_64                                           1:6.2.1-2.fc36                       @fedora                   
gmp-devel.x86_64                                         1:6.2.1-2.fc36                       @fedora                   
gnat-srpm-macros.noarch                                  4-15.fc36                            @anaconda                 
gnome-abrt.x86_64                                        1.4.2-1.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
gnome-autoar.x86_64                                      0.4.3-1.fc36                         @anaconda                 
gnome-backgrounds.noarch                                 42.0-1.fc36                          @anaconda                 
gnome-bluetooth.x86_64                                   1:42.5-1.fc36                        @updates                  
gnome-bluetooth-libs.x86_64                              1:42.5-1.fc36                        @updates                  
gnome-browser-connector.x86_64                           42.1-1.fc36                          @fedora-updates           
gnome-calculator.x86_64                                  42.2-1.fc36                          @fedora-updates           
gnome-calendar.x86_64                                    42.2-1.fc36                          @fedora-updates           
gnome-characters.x86_64                                  42.0-1.fc36                          @anaconda                 
gnome-classic-session.noarch                             42.3-1.fc36                          @fedora-updates           
gnome-clocks.x86_64                                      42.0-1.fc36                          @anaconda                 
gnome-color-manager.x86_64                               3.36.0-7.fc36                        @anaconda                 
gnome-connections.x86_64                                 42.1.2-3.fc36                        @updates                  
gnome-contacts.x86_64                                    42.0-1.fc36                          @anaconda                 
gnome-control-center.x86_64                              42.3-2.fc36                          @nobara-baseos            
gnome-control-center-filesystem.noarch                   42.3-2.fc36                          @nobara-baseos            
gnome-desktop3.x86_64                                    42.8-1.fc36                          @updates                  
gnome-desktop4.x86_64                                    42.8-1.fc36                          @updates                  
gnome-disk-utility.x86_64                                42.0-1.fc36                          @anaconda                 
gnome-extension-manager.x86_64                           0.3.1-2.fc36                         @nobara-baseos            
gnome-font-viewer.x86_64                                 42.0-1.fc36                          @anaconda                 
gnome-icon-theme.noarch                                  3.12.0-17.fc36                       @anaconda                 
gnome-initial-setup.x86_64                               42.1-1.fc36                          @nobara-baseos            
gnome-keyring.x86_64                                     42.1-1.fc36                          @fedora-updates           
gnome-keyring-pam.x86_64                                 42.1-1.fc36                          @fedora-updates           
gnome-logs.x86_64                                        42.0-1.fc36                          @anaconda                 
gnome-maps.x86_64                                        42.3-1.fc36                          @fedora-updates           
gnome-menus.x86_64                                       3.36.0-6.fc36                        @anaconda                 
gnome-online-accounts.x86_64                             3.44.0-2.fc36                        @updates                  
gnome-online-miners.x86_64                               3.34.0-10.fc36                       @anaconda                 
gnome-photos.x86_64                                      42.0-3.fc36                          @fedora-updates           
gnome-remote-desktop.x86_64                              42.6-1.fc36                          @updates                  
gnome-session.x86_64                                     42.0-1.fc36                          @anaconda                 
gnome-session-wayland-session.x86_64                     42.0-1.fc36                          @anaconda                 
gnome-session-xsession.x86_64                            42.0-1.fc36                          @anaconda                 
gnome-settings-daemon.x86_64                             42.2-1.fc36                          @fedora-updates           
gnome-shell.x86_64                                       42.3.1-9.fc36                        @nobara-baseos            
gnome-shell-extension-appindicator.noarch                46-1.fc36                            @updates                  
gnome-shell-extension-application-volume-mixer.noarch    11-3.fc36                            @nobara-baseos            
gnome-shell-extension-apps-menu.noarch                   42.3-1.fc36                          @fedora-updates           
gnome-shell-extension-arc-menu.noarch                    33-11.fc36                           @nobara-baseos            
gnome-shell-extension-auto-move-windows.noarch           42.3-1.fc36                          @fedora-updates           
gnome-shell-extension-background-logo.noarch             42.0-1.fc36                          @anaconda                 
gnome-shell-extension-blur-my-shell.noarch               44-2.fc36                            @nobara-baseos            
gnome-shell-extension-caffeine.noarch                    39-3.20220331.git2394e7f.fc36        @fedora-updates           
gnome-shell-extension-clipboard-history.noarch           1.2.1-2.fc36                         @nobara-baseos            
gnome-shell-extension-common.noarch                      42.3-1.fc36                          @fedora-updates           
gnome-shell-extension-dash-to-dock.noarch                74-1.fc36                            @fedora-updates           
gnome-shell-extension-dash-to-panel.noarch               50-11.fc36                           @nobara-baseos            
gnome-shell-extension-desktop-icons.noarch               46-3.fc36                            @nobara-baseos            
gnome-shell-extension-freon.noarch                       2:45-1.20220710gitdab42ff.fc36       @fedora-updates           
gnome-shell-extension-frippery-move-clock.noarch         42.1-1.fc36                          @fedora-updates           
gnome-shell-extension-gesture-improvements.noarch        22-2.fc36                            @nobara-baseos            
gnome-shell-extension-gsconnect.x86_64                   50-1.fc36                            @anaconda                 
gnome-shell-extension-just-perfection.noarch             22.0-1.fc36                          @fedora-updates           
gnome-shell-extension-launch-new-instance.noarch         42.3-1.fc36                          @fedora-updates           
gnome-shell-extension-openweather.noarch                 118-1.fc36                           @fedora-updates           
gnome-shell-extension-places-menu.noarch                 42.3-1.fc36                          @fedora-updates           
gnome-shell-extension-pop-shell.noarch                   1.2.0^6.af192b4-2.fc36               @nobara-baseos            
gnome-shell-extension-sound-output-device-chooser.noarch 43-2.fc36                            @nobara-baseos            
gnome-shell-extension-supergfxctl-gex.noarch             4.2.0-2.fc36                         @nobara-baseos            
gnome-shell-extension-window-list.noarch                 42.3-1.fc36                          @fedora-updates           
gnome-shell-extension-wireless-hid.noarch                5-2.fc36                             @nobara-baseos            
gnome-software.x86_64                                    42.4-2.fc36                          @fedora-updates           
gnome-startup-applications.x86_64                        42.0-1.fc36                          @nobara-baseos            
gnome-system-monitor.x86_64                              42.0-1.fc36                          @anaconda                 
gnome-terminal.x86_64                                    3.44.1-1.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
gnome-terminal-nautilus.x86_64                           3.44.1-1.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
gnome-themes-extra.x86_64                                3.28-14.fc36                         @anaconda                 
gnome-tweaks.noarch                                      42~beta-1.fc36                       @anaconda                 
gnome-user-docs.noarch                                   42.0-1.fc36                          @anaconda                 
gnome-user-share.x86_64                                  3.34.0-7.fc36                        @anaconda                 
gnome-video-effects.noarch                               0.5.0-7.fc36                         @anaconda                 
gnome-weather.x86_64                                     42.0-1.fc36                          @anaconda                 
gnome-x11-gesture-daemon.x86_64                          0.2.1-2.fc36                         @nobara-baseos            
gnupg2.x86_64                                            2.3.7-3.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
gnupg2-smime.x86_64                                      2.3.7-3.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
gnutls.i686                                              3.7.8-3.fc36                         @updates                  
gnutls.x86_64                                            3.7.8-3.fc36                         @updates                  
gnutls-dane.x86_64                                       3.7.8-3.fc36                         @updates                  
gnutls-utils.x86_64                                      3.7.8-3.fc36                         @updates                  
go-srpm-macros.noarch                                    3.2.0-1.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
gobject-introspection.x86_64                             1.72.1-1.fc36                        @updates                  
gom.x86_64                                               0.4-7.fc36                           @anaconda                 
google-droid-sans-fonts.noarch                           20200215-12.fc36                     @anaconda                 
google-noto-cjk-fonts-common.noarch                      20201206-4.fc36                      @anaconda                 
google-noto-emoji-color-fonts.noarch                     20211102-1.fc36                      @anaconda                 
google-noto-fonts-common.noarch                          20201206-10.fc36                     @fedora-updates           
google-noto-naskh-arabic-vf-fonts.noarch                 20201206-10.fc36                     @fedora-updates           
google-noto-sans-armenian-vf-fonts.noarch                20201206-10.fc36                     @fedora-updates           
google-noto-sans-canadian-aboriginal-vf-fonts.noarch     20201206-10.fc36                     @fedora-updates           
google-noto-sans-cherokee-vf-fonts.noarch                20201206-10.fc36                     @fedora-updates           
google-noto-sans-cjk-ttc-fonts.noarch                    20201206-4.fc36                      @anaconda                 
google-noto-sans-ethiopic-vf-fonts.noarch                20201206-10.fc36                     @fedora-updates           
google-noto-sans-fonts.noarch                            20201206-10.fc36                     @fedora-updates           
google-noto-sans-georgian-vf-fonts.noarch                20201206-10.fc36                     @fedora-updates           
google-noto-sans-gurmukhi-vf-fonts.noarch                20201206-10.fc36                     @fedora-updates           
google-noto-sans-hebrew-vf-fonts.noarch                  20201206-10.fc36                     @fedora-updates           
google-noto-sans-lao-vf-fonts.noarch                     20201206-10.fc36                     @fedora-updates           
google-noto-sans-math-vf-fonts.noarch                    20201206-10.fc36                     @fedora-updates           
google-noto-sans-mono-vf-fonts.noarch                    20201206-10.fc36                     @fedora-updates           
google-noto-sans-sinhala-vf-fonts.noarch                 20201206-10.fc36                     @fedora-updates           
google-noto-sans-thaana-vf-fonts.noarch                  20201206-10.fc36                     @fedora-updates           
google-noto-sans-vf-fonts.noarch                         20201206-10.fc36                     @fedora-updates           
google-noto-serif-vf-fonts.noarch                        20201206-10.fc36                     @fedora-updates           
goverlay.x86_64                                          0.9.1-2.fc36                         @nobara-baseos            
gpac-libs.x86_64                                         2.0.0-1.fc36                         @rpmfusion-free           
gperftools-libs.x86_64                                   2.9.1-3.fc36                         @fedora                   
gpgme.x86_64                                             1.17.0-4.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
gpm-libs.x86_64                                          1.20.7-40.fc36                       @anaconda                 
graphene.i686                                            1.10.6-4.fc36                        @anaconda                 
graphene.x86_64                                          1.10.6-4.fc36                        @anaconda                 
graphite2.i686                                           1.3.14-9.fc36                        @anaconda                 
graphite2.x86_64                                         1.3.14-9.fc36                        @anaconda                 
graphviz.x86_64                                          2.50.0-6.fc36                        @anaconda                 
grep.x86_64                                              3.7-2.fc36                           @anaconda                 
grilo.x86_64                                             0.3.15-2.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
grilo-plugins.x86_64                                     0.3.15-1.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
grim.x86_64                                              1.4.0-1.fc36                         @fedora                   
groff-base.x86_64                                        1.22.4-9.fc36                        @anaconda                 
grub2-common.noarch                                      1:2.06-61.fc36                       @updates                  
grub2-efi-ia32.x86_64                                    1:2.06-61.fc36                       @updates                  
grub2-efi-ia32-cdboot.x86_64                             1:2.06-61.fc36                       @updates                  
grub2-efi-x64.x86_64                                     1:2.06-61.fc36                       @updates                  
grub2-efi-x64-cdboot.x86_64                              1:2.06-61.fc36                       @updates                  
grub2-pc.x86_64                                          1:2.06-61.fc36                       @updates                  
grub2-pc-modules.noarch                                  1:2.06-61.fc36                       @updates                  
grub2-tools.x86_64                                       1:2.06-61.fc36                       @updates                  
grub2-tools-efi.x86_64                                   1:2.06-61.fc36                       @updates                  
grub2-tools-extra.x86_64                                 1:2.06-61.fc36                       @updates                  
grub2-tools-minimal.x86_64                               1:2.06-61.fc36                       @updates                  
grubby.x86_64                                            8.40-67.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
gsettings-desktop-schemas.x86_64                         42.0-12.fc36                         @nobara-baseos            
gsl.x86_64                                               2.6-6.fc36                           @anaconda                 
gsm.i686                                                 1.0.19-7.fc36                        @anaconda                 
gsm.x86_64                                               1.0.19-7.fc36                        @anaconda                 
gsound.x86_64                                            1.0.3-3.fc36                         @anaconda                 
gspell.x86_64                                            1.10.0-1.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
gssdp.i686                                               1.4.0.1-2.fc36                       @anaconda                 
gssdp.x86_64                                             1.4.0.1-2.fc36                       @anaconda                 
gssproxy.x86_64                                          0.8.4-7.fc36                         @fedora                   
gstreamer1.i686                                          1.20.3-1.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
gstreamer1.x86_64                                        1.20.3-1.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
gstreamer1-plugin-libav.i686                             1.20.3-5.fc36                        @updates                  
gstreamer1-plugin-libav.x86_64                           1.20.3-5.fc36                        @updates                  
gstreamer1-plugin-openh264.x86_64                        1.20.3-3.fc36                        @fedora-cisco-openh264    
gstreamer1-plugins-bad-free.i686                         1.20.3-1.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
gstreamer1-plugins-bad-free.x86_64                       1.20.3-1.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
gstreamer1-plugins-bad-freeworld.i686                    1:1.20.3-1.fc36                      @rpmfusion-free-updates   
gstreamer1-plugins-bad-freeworld.x86_64                  1:1.20.3-1.fc36                      @rpmfusion-free-updates   
gstreamer1-plugins-base.i686                             1.20.3-1.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
gstreamer1-plugins-base.x86_64                           1.20.3-1.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
gstreamer1-plugins-good.i686                             1.20.3-1.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
gstreamer1-plugins-good.x86_64                           1.20.3-1.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
gstreamer1-plugins-good-gtk.x86_64                       1.20.3-1.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
gstreamer1-plugins-good-qt.x86_64                        1.20.3-1.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
gstreamer1-plugins-ugly.i686                             1:1.20.3-1.fc36                      @rpmfusion-free-updates   
gstreamer1-plugins-ugly.x86_64                           1:1.20.3-1.fc36                      @rpmfusion-free-updates   
gstreamer1-plugins-ugly-free.i686                        1.20.3-1.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
gstreamer1-plugins-ugly-free.x86_64                      1.20.3-1.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
gstreamer1-vaapi.x86_64                                  1.20.3-1.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
gtk-update-icon-cache.x86_64                             3.24.35-1.fc36                       @updates                  
gtk-vnc2.x86_64                                          1.3.0-2.fc36                         @anaconda                 
gtk2.i686                                                2.24.33-8.fc36                       @anaconda                 
gtk2.x86_64                                              2.24.33-8.fc36                       @anaconda                 
gtk3.i686                                                3.24.35-1.fc36                       @updates                  
gtk3.x86_64                                              3.24.35-1.fc36                       @updates                  
gtk4.x86_64                                              4.6.6-2.fc36                         @nobara-baseos            
gtkmm30.x86_64                                           3.24.6-1.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
gtksourceview4.x86_64                                    4.8.3-1.fc36                         @anaconda                 
gtksourceview5.x86_64                                    5.4.2-1.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
gts.x86_64                                               0.7.6-41.20121130.fc36               @anaconda                 
guestfs-tools.x86_64                                     1.48.3-1.fc36                        @updates                  
guile22.x86_64                                           2.2.7-5.fc36                         @anaconda                 
gupnp.i686                                               1.4.3-2.fc36                         @anaconda                 
gupnp.x86_64                                             1.4.3-2.fc36                         @anaconda                 
gupnp-av.x86_64                                          0.14.1-1.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
gupnp-dlna.x86_64                                        0.12.0-2.fc36                        @anaconda                 
gupnp-igd.i686                                           1.2.0-5.fc36                         @anaconda                 
gupnp-igd.x86_64                                         1.2.0-5.fc36                         @anaconda                 
gutenprint.x86_64                                        5.3.4-8.fc36                         @anaconda                 
gutenprint-cups.x86_64                                   5.3.4-8.fc36                         @anaconda                 
gutenprint-libs.x86_64                                   5.3.4-8.fc36                         @anaconda                 
gvfs.x86_64                                              1.50.3-1.fc36                        @updates                  
gvfs-afc.x86_64                                          1.50.3-1.fc36                        @updates                  
gvfs-afp.x86_64                                          1.50.3-1.fc36                        @updates                  
gvfs-archive.x86_64                                      1.50.3-1.fc36                        @updates                  
gvfs-client.x86_64                                       1.50.3-1.fc36                        @updates                  
gvfs-fuse.x86_64                                         1.50.3-1.fc36                        @updates                  
gvfs-goa.x86_64                                          1.50.3-1.fc36                        @updates                  
gvfs-gphoto2.x86_64                                      1.50.3-1.fc36                        @updates                  
gvfs-mtp.x86_64                                          1.50.3-1.fc36                        @updates                  
gvfs-smb.x86_64                                          1.50.3-1.fc36                        @updates                  
gvnc.x86_64                                              1.3.0-2.fc36                         @anaconda                 
gvncpulse.x86_64                                         1.3.0-2.fc36                         @anaconda                 
gzip.x86_64                                              1.11-3.fc36                          @anaconda                 
harfbuzz.i686                                            4.0.0-2.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
harfbuzz.x86_64                                          4.0.0-2.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
harfbuzz-icu.x86_64                                      4.0.0-2.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
hddtemp.x86_64                                           0.3-0.50.beta15.fc36                 @anaconda                 
hexedit.x86_64                                           1.6-1.fc36                           @updates                  
hfsplus-tools.x86_64                                     540.1.linux3-26.fc36                 @anaconda                 
hicolor-icon-theme.noarch                                0.17-13.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
hidapi.x86_64                                            0.12.0-1.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
highcontrast-icon-theme.noarch                           3.28-14.fc36                         @anaconda                 
hivex-libs.x86_64                                        1.3.21-6.fc36                        @fedora                   
hostname.x86_64                                          3.23-6.fc36                          @anaconda                 
hplip.x86_64                                             3.22.10-3.fc36                       @updates                  
hplip-common.x86_64                                      3.22.10-3.fc36                       @updates                  
hplip-libs.x86_64                                        3.22.10-3.fc36                       @updates                  
hsa-rocr.x86_64                                          5.2.3.50203.2-copr.fc36              @nobara-baseos            
hsakmt-roct-devel.x86_64                                 5.2.3.50203.2-copr.fc36              @nobara-baseos            
htop.x86_64                                              3.2.1-1.fc36                         @updates                  
http-parser.x86_64                                       2.9.4-6.fc36                         @anaconda                 
httpd.x86_64                                             2.4.54-3.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
httpd-core.x86_64                                        2.4.54-3.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
httpd-filesystem.noarch                                  2.4.54-3.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
httpd-tools.x86_64                                       2.4.54-3.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
hunspell.x86_64                                          1.7.0-19.fc36                        @anaconda                 
hunspell-en.noarch                                       0.20140811.1-22.fc36                 @anaconda                 
hunspell-en-GB.noarch                                    0.20140811.1-22.fc36                 @anaconda                 
hunspell-en-US.noarch                                    0.20140811.1-22.fc36                 @anaconda                 
hunspell-filesystem.x86_64                               1.7.0-19.fc36                        @anaconda                 
hwdata.noarch                                            0.366-1.fc36                         @updates                  
hyperv-daemons.x86_64                                    0-0.39.20220731git.fc36              @fedora-updates           
hyperv-daemons-license.noarch                            0-0.39.20220731git.fc36              @fedora-updates           
hypervfcopyd.x86_64                                      0-0.39.20220731git.fc36              @fedora-updates           
hypervkvpd.x86_64                                        0-0.39.20220731git.fc36              @fedora-updates           
hypervvssd.x86_64                                        0-0.39.20220731git.fc36              @fedora-updates           
hyphen.x86_64                                            2.8.8-17.fc36                        @anaconda                 
i2c-tools.x86_64                                         4.3-2.fc36                           @anaconda                 
ibus.x86_64                                              1.5.26-9.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
ibus-anthy.x86_64                                        1.5.14-4.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
ibus-anthy-python.noarch                                 1.5.14-4.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
ibus-gtk2.x86_64                                         1.5.26-9.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
ibus-gtk3.x86_64                                         1.5.26-9.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
ibus-gtk4.x86_64                                         1.5.26-9.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
ibus-hangul.x86_64                                       1.5.4-8.fc36                         @anaconda                 
ibus-libpinyin.x86_64                                    1.13.0-1.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
ibus-libs.x86_64                                         1.5.26-9.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
ibus-libzhuyin.x86_64                                    1.10.0-4.fc36                        @anaconda                 
ibus-m17n.x86_64                                         1.4.18-1.fc36                        @updates                  
ibus-setup.noarch                                        1.5.26-9.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
ibus-typing-booster.noarch                               2.20.0-1.fc36                        @updates                  
iio-sensor-proxy.x86_64                                  3.4-1.fc36                           @fedora-updates           
ilbc.x86_64                                              1.1.1-22.fc36                        @fedora                   
ima-evm-utils.x86_64                                     1.4-5.fc36                           @anaconda                 
imath.x86_64                                             3.1.6-1.fc36                         @updates                  
imlib2.x86_64                                            1.7.4-2.fc36                         @anaconda                 
info.x86_64                                              6.8-3.fc36                           @anaconda                 
inih.i686                                                56-1.fc36                            @fedora-updates           
inih.x86_64                                              56-1.fc36                            @fedora-updates           
iniparser.x86_64                                         4.1-9.fc36                           @anaconda                 
initscripts.x86_64                                       10.16-2.fc36                         @anaconda                 
initscripts-rename-device.x86_64                         10.16-2.fc36                         @anaconda                 
initscripts-service.noarch                               10.16-2.fc36                         @anaconda                 
inkscape.x86_64                                          1.2.2-3.fc36                         @updates                  
inotify-tools.x86_64                                     3.22.1.0-2.fc36                      @fedora                   
intel-gmmlib.x86_64                                      22.1.7-1.fc36                        @updates                  
intel-gpu-firmware.noarch                                20221214-142.fc36                    @nobara-baseos            
intel-media-driver.x86_64                                22.3.1-2.fc36                        @rpmfusion-nonfree-updates
intel-mediasdk.x86_64                                    22.3.0-1.fc36                        @fedora                   
inxi.noarch                                              3.3.24-1.fc36                        @updates                  
ipcalc.x86_64                                            1.0.1-3.fc36                         @anaconda                 
ipmitool.x86_64                                          1.8.18-25.fc36                       @anaconda                 
iproute.x86_64                                           5.15.0-2.fc36                        @anaconda                 
iproute-tc.x86_64                                        5.15.0-2.fc36                        @fedora                   
ipset.x86_64                                             7.15-5.fc36.1                        @updates                  
ipset-libs.x86_64                                        7.15-5.fc36.1                        @updates                  
iptables-libs.x86_64                                     1.8.7-15.fc36                        @anaconda                 
iptables-nft.x86_64                                      1.8.7-15.fc36                        @anaconda                 
iptstate.x86_64                                          2.2.6-14.fc36                        @anaconda                 
iputils.x86_64                                           20221126-1.fc36                      @updates                  
ipxe-roms-qemu.noarch                                    20220210-1.git64113751.fc36          @fedora-updates           
iscsi-initiator-utils.x86_64                             6.2.1.4-4.git2a8f9d8.fc36            @anaconda                 
iscsi-initiator-utils-iscsiuio.x86_64                    6.2.1.4-4.git2a8f9d8.fc36            @anaconda                 
isns-utils-libs.x86_64                                   0.101-4.fc36                         @anaconda                 
iso-codes.noarch                                         4.9.0-2.fc36                         @anaconda                 
isomd5sum.x86_64                                         1:1.2.3-15.fc36                      @anaconda                 
iw.x86_64                                                5.9-4.fc36                           @anaconda                 
iwl100-firmware.noarch                                   39.31.5.1-142.fc36                   @nobara-baseos            
iwl1000-firmware.noarch                                  1:39.31.5.1-142.fc36                 @nobara-baseos            
iwl105-firmware.noarch                                   18.168.6.1-142.fc36                  @nobara-baseos            
iwl135-firmware.noarch                                   18.168.6.1-142.fc36                  @nobara-baseos            
iwl2000-firmware.noarch                                  18.168.6.1-142.fc36                  @nobara-baseos            
iwl2030-firmware.noarch                                  18.168.6.1-142.fc36                  @nobara-baseos            
iwl3160-firmware.noarch                                  1:25.30.13.0-142.fc36                @nobara-baseos            
iwl3945-firmware.noarch                                  15.32.2.9-142.fc36                   @nobara-baseos            
iwl4965-firmware.noarch                                  228.61.2.24-142.fc36                 @nobara-baseos            
iwl5000-firmware.noarch                                  8.83.5.1_1-142.fc36                  @nobara-baseos            
iwl5150-firmware.noarch                                  8.24.2.2-142.fc36                    @nobara-baseos            
iwl6000-firmware.noarch                                  9.221.4.1-142.fc36                   @nobara-baseos            
iwl6000g2a-firmware.noarch                               18.168.6.1-142.fc36                  @nobara-baseos            
iwl6000g2b-firmware.noarch                               18.168.6.1-142.fc36                  @nobara-baseos            
iwl6050-firmware.noarch                                  41.28.5.1-142.fc36                   @nobara-baseos            
iwl7260-firmware.noarch                                  1:25.30.13.0-142.fc36                @nobara-baseos            
iwlax2xx-firmware.noarch                                 20221214-142.fc36                    @nobara-baseos            
jansson.x86_64                                           2.13.1-4.fc36                        @anaconda                 
jasper-libs.x86_64                                       2.0.33-2.fc36                        @anaconda                 
java-latest-openjdk.x86_64                               1:19.0.1.0.10-4.rolling.fc36         @updates                  
java-latest-openjdk-headless.x86_64                      1:19.0.1.0.10-4.rolling.fc36         @updates                  
javapackages-filesystem.noarch                           6.0.0-7.fc36                         @fedora                   
jbig2dec-libs.x86_64                                     0.19-6.fc36                          @anaconda                 
jbigkit-libs.i686                                        2.1-23.fc36                          @anaconda                 
jbigkit-libs.x86_64                                      2.1-23.fc36                          @anaconda                 
jemalloc.x86_64                                          5.2.1-7.fc36                         @fedora                   
jomolhari-fonts.noarch                                   0.003-35.fc36                        @anaconda                 
jq.x86_64                                                1.6-13.fc36                          @anaconda                 
js-jquery.noarch                                         3.6.0-2.fc36                         @anaconda                 
json-c.i686                                              0.15-3.fc36                          @anaconda                 
json-c.x86_64                                            0.15-3.fc36                          @anaconda                 
json-glib.i686                                           1.6.6-2.fc36                         @anaconda                 
json-glib.x86_64                                         1.6.6-2.fc36                         @anaconda                 
julietaula-montserrat-fonts.noarch                       1:7.222-2.fc36                       @anaconda                 
jwhois.x86_64                                            4.0-67.fc36                          @anaconda                 
jxl-pixbuf-loader.x86_64                                 0.6.1-9.fc36                         @anaconda                 
kasumi-common.noarch                                     2.5-37.fc36                          @anaconda                 
kasumi-unicode.x86_64                                    2.5-37.fc36                          @anaconda                 
kbd.x86_64                                               2.4.0-9.fc36                         @anaconda                 
kbd-legacy.noarch                                        2.4.0-9.fc36                         @anaconda                 
kbd-misc.noarch                                          2.4.0-9.fc36                         @anaconda                 
kde-filesystem.x86_64                                    4-67.fc36                            @fedora                   
kdump-anaconda-addon.noarch                              006-6.20220128git9603258.fc36        @anaconda                 
kernel.x86_64                                            6.0.10-201.fc36                      @nobara-baseos            
kernel.x86_64                                            6.0.13-201.fsync.fc36                @nobara-baseos            
kernel.x86_64                                            6.0.14-201.fsync.fc36                @nobara-baseos            
kernel-core.x86_64                                       6.0.10-201.fc36                      @nobara-baseos            
kernel-core.x86_64                                       6.0.13-201.fsync.fc36                @nobara-baseos            
kernel-core.x86_64                                       6.0.14-201.fsync.fc36                @nobara-baseos            
kernel-devel.x86_64                                      6.0.10-201.fc36                      @nobara-baseos            
kernel-devel.x86_64                                      6.0.13-201.fsync.fc36                @nobara-baseos            
kernel-devel.x86_64                                      6.0.14-201.fsync.fc36                @nobara-baseos            
kernel-devel-matched.x86_64                              6.0.14-201.fsync.fc36                @nobara-baseos            
kernel-headers.x86_64                                    6.0.14-201.fsync.fc36                @nobara-baseos            
kernel-modules.x86_64                                    6.0.10-201.fc36                      @nobara-baseos            
kernel-modules.x86_64                                    6.0.13-201.fsync.fc36                @nobara-baseos            
kernel-modules.x86_64                                    6.0.14-201.fsync.fc36                @nobara-baseos            
kernel-modules-extra.x86_64                              6.0.10-201.fc36                      @nobara-baseos            
kernel-modules-extra.x86_64                              6.0.13-201.fsync.fc36                @nobara-baseos            
kernel-modules-extra.x86_64                              6.0.14-201.fsync.fc36                @nobara-baseos            
kernel-srpm-macros.noarch                                1.0-14.fc36                          @fedora                   
kexec-tools.x86_64                                       2.0.25-1.fc36                        @updates                  
keybinder3.x86_64                                        0.3.2-13.fc36                        @anaconda                 
keyutils.x86_64                                          1.6.1-4.fc36                         @anaconda                 
keyutils-libs.i686                                       1.6.1-4.fc36                         @anaconda                 
keyutils-libs.x86_64                                     1.6.1-4.fc36                         @anaconda                 
kf5-filesystem.x86_64                                    5.101.0-1.fc36                       @updates                  
khmer-os-system-fonts.noarch                             5.0-35.fc36                          @anaconda                 
kmod.x86_64                                              29-7.fc36                            @anaconda                 
kmod-libs.x86_64                                         29-7.fc36                            @anaconda                 
kmod-xone-6.0.13-201.fsync.fc36.x86_64.x86_64            0.2-3.fc36                           @@commandline             
kmod-xone-6.0.14-201.fsync.fc36.x86_64.x86_64            0.2-3.fc36                           @@commandline             
kmod-xpadneo-6.0.13-201.fsync.fc36.x86_64.x86_64         0.9.5-1.fc36                         @@commandline             
kmod-xpadneo-6.0.14-201.fsync.fc36.x86_64.x86_64         0.9.5-1.fc36                         @@commandline             
kmodtool.noarch                                          1.1-3.fc36                           @fedora                   
koji.noarch                                              1.31.1-1.fc36                        @updates                  
kpartx.x86_64                                            0.8.7-9.fc36                         @updates                  
krb5-libs.i686                                           1.19.2-12.fc36                       @updates                  
krb5-libs.x86_64                                         1.19.2-12.fc36                       @updates                  
krb5-pkinit.x86_64                                       1.19.2-12.fc36                       @updates                  
krb5-workstation.x86_64                                  1.19.2-12.fc36                       @updates                  
ladspa.x86_64                                            1.13-28.fc36                         @fedora                   
lame-libs.i686                                           3.100-12.fc36                        @anaconda                 
lame-libs.x86_64                                         3.100-12.fc36                        @anaconda                 
langpacks-core-en.noarch                                 3.0-25.fc36                          @fedora-updates           
langpacks-core-font-en.noarch                            3.0-25.fc36                          @fedora-updates           
langpacks-en.noarch                                      3.0-25.fc36                          @fedora-updates           
langtable.noarch                                         0.0.61-2.fc36                        @updates                  
lasi.x86_64                                              1.1.3-8.fc36                         @anaconda                 
lcms2.i686                                               2.13.1-1.fc36                        @anaconda                 
lcms2.x86_64                                             2.13.1-1.fc36                        @anaconda                 
less.x86_64                                              590-5.fc36                           @fedora-updates           
libICE.i686                                              1.0.10-8.fc36                        @anaconda                 
libICE.x86_64                                            1.0.10-8.fc36                        @anaconda                 
libSM.i686                                               1.2.3-10.fc36                        @anaconda                 
libSM.x86_64                                             1.2.3-10.fc36                        @anaconda                 
libX11.i686                                              1.7.3.1-2.fc36                       @anaconda                 
libX11.x86_64                                            1.7.3.1-2.fc36                       @anaconda                 
libX11-common.noarch                                     1.7.3.1-2.fc36                       @anaconda                 
libX11-devel.x86_64                                      1.7.3.1-2.fc36                       @fedora                   
libX11-xcb.i686                                          1.7.3.1-2.fc36                       @anaconda                 
libX11-xcb.x86_64                                        1.7.3.1-2.fc36                       @anaconda                 
libXScrnSaver.i686                                       1.2.3-10.fc36                        @anaconda                 
libXScrnSaver.x86_64                                     1.2.3-10.fc36                        @anaconda                 
libXau.i686                                              1.0.9-8.fc36                         @anaconda                 
libXau.x86_64                                            1.0.9-8.fc36                         @anaconda                 
libXau-devel.x86_64                                      1.0.9-8.fc36                         @fedora                   
libXaw.x86_64                                            1.0.14-2.fc36                        @anaconda                 
libXcomposite.i686                                       0.4.5-7.fc36                         @anaconda                 
libXcomposite.x86_64                                     0.4.5-7.fc36                         @anaconda                 
libXcursor.i686                                          1.2.0-7.fc36                         @anaconda                 
libXcursor.x86_64                                        1.2.0-7.fc36                         @anaconda                 
libXdamage.i686                                          1.1.5-7.fc36                         @anaconda                 
libXdamage.x86_64                                        1.1.5-7.fc36                         @anaconda                 
libXdmcp.x86_64                                          1.1.3-8.fc36                         @anaconda                 
libXext.i686                                             1.3.4-8.fc36                         @anaconda                 
libXext.x86_64                                           1.3.4-8.fc36                         @anaconda                 
libXfixes.i686                                           6.0.0-3.fc36                         @anaconda                 
libXfixes.x86_64                                         6.0.0-3.fc36                         @anaconda                 
libXfont2.x86_64                                         2.0.3-12.fc36                        @anaconda                 
libXft.i686                                              2.3.4-2.fc36                         @anaconda                 
libXft.x86_64                                            2.3.4-2.fc36                         @anaconda                 
libXi.i686                                               1.8-2.fc36                           @anaconda                 
libXi.x86_64                                             1.8-2.fc36                           @anaconda                 
libXinerama.i686                                         1.1.4-10.fc36                        @anaconda                 
libXinerama.x86_64                                       1.1.4-10.fc36                        @anaconda                 
libXmu.x86_64                                            1.1.3-8.fc36                         @anaconda                 
libXpm.i686                                              3.5.15-2.fc36                        @updates                  
libXpm.x86_64                                            3.5.15-2.fc36                        @updates                  
libXrandr.i686                                           1.5.2-8.fc36                         @anaconda                 
libXrandr.x86_64                                         1.5.2-8.fc36                         @anaconda                 
libXrender.i686                                          0.9.10-16.fc36                       @anaconda                 
libXrender.x86_64                                        0.9.10-16.fc36                       @anaconda                 
libXres.x86_64                                           1.2.1-2.fc36                         @anaconda                 
libXt.x86_64                                             1.2.1-2.fc36                         @anaconda                 
libXtst.i686                                             1.2.3-16.fc36                        @anaconda                 
libXtst.x86_64                                           1.2.3-16.fc36                        @anaconda                 
libXv.i686                                               1.0.11-16.fc36                       @anaconda                 
libXv.x86_64                                             1.0.11-16.fc36                       @anaconda                 
libXvMC.x86_64                                           1.0.12-7.fc36                        @anaconda                 
libXxf86dga.x86_64                                       1.1.5-8.fc36                         @anaconda                 
libXxf86vm.i686                                          1.1.4-18.fc36                        @anaconda                 
libXxf86vm.x86_64                                        1.1.4-18.fc36                        @anaconda                 
liba52.i686                                              0.7.4-42.fc36                        @anaconda                 
liba52.x86_64                                            0.7.4-42.fc36                        @anaconda                 
libacl.x86_64                                            2.3.1-3.fc36                         @anaconda                 
libadwaita.x86_64                                        1.2.0-2.fc36                         @updates                  
libadwaita-qt5.x86_64                                    1.4.2-1.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
libadwaita-qt6.x86_64                                    1.4.2-1.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
libaio.x86_64                                            0.3.111-13.fc36                      @anaconda                 
libao.x86_64                                             1.2.0-22.fc36                        @anaconda                 
libaom.i686                                              3.2.0-5.fc36                         @anaconda                 
libaom.x86_64                                            3.2.0-5.fc36                         @anaconda                 
libappindicator.x86_64                                   12.10.0-32.fc36                      @fedora                   
libappindicator-gtk3.x86_64                              12.10.0-32.fc36                      @anaconda                 
libappstream-glib.x86_64                                 0.8.0-4.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
libarchive.x86_64                                        3.5.3-3.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
libargon2.x86_64                                         20171227-9.fc36                      @fedora-updates           
libass.i686                                              0.17.0-1.fc36                        @updates                  
libass.x86_64                                            0.17.0-1.fc36                        @updates                  
libassuan.x86_64                                         2.5.5-4.fc36                         @anaconda                 
libasyncns.i686                                          0.8-22.fc36                          @anaconda                 
libasyncns.x86_64                                        0.8-22.fc36                          @anaconda                 
libatasmart.x86_64                                       0.19-22.fc36                         @anaconda                 
libatomic.i686                                           12.2.1-4.fc36                        @updates                  
libatomic.x86_64                                         12.2.1-4.fc36                        @updates                  
libattr.i686                                             2.5.1-4.fc36                         @anaconda                 
libattr.x86_64                                           2.5.1-4.fc36                         @anaconda                 
libavdevice.x86_64                                       5.0.2-1.fc36                         @rpmfusion-free-updates   
libavif.i686                                             0.9.3-3.fc36                         @anaconda                 
libavif.x86_64                                           0.9.3-3.fc36                         @anaconda                 
libb2.x86_64                                             0.98.1-6.fc36                        @anaconda                 
libbabeltrace.x86_64                                     1.5.8-9.fc36                         @anaconda                 
libbasicobjects.x86_64                                   0.1.1-50.fc36                        @anaconda                 
libblkid.i686                                            2.38-1.fc36                          @fedora-updates           
libblkid.x86_64                                          2.38-1.fc36                          @fedora-updates           
libblkid-devel.x86_64                                    2.38-1.fc36                          @fedora-updates           
libblockdev.x86_64                                       2.28-2.fc36                          @fedora-updates           
libblockdev-btrfs.x86_64                                 2.28-2.fc36                          @fedora-updates           
libblockdev-crypto.x86_64                                2.28-2.fc36                          @fedora-updates           
libblockdev-dm.x86_64                                    2.28-2.fc36                          @fedora-updates           
libblockdev-fs.x86_64                                    2.28-2.fc36                          @fedora-updates           
libblockdev-kbd.x86_64                                   2.28-2.fc36                          @fedora-updates           
libblockdev-loop.x86_64                                  2.28-2.fc36                          @fedora-updates           
libblockdev-lvm.x86_64                                   2.28-2.fc36                          @fedora-updates           
libblockdev-lvm-dbus.x86_64                              2.28-2.fc36                          @fedora-updates           
libblockdev-mdraid.x86_64                                2.28-2.fc36                          @fedora-updates           
libblockdev-mpath.x86_64                                 2.28-2.fc36                          @fedora-updates           
libblockdev-nvdimm.x86_64                                2.28-2.fc36                          @fedora-updates           
libblockdev-part.x86_64                                  2.28-2.fc36                          @fedora-updates           
libblockdev-plugins-all.x86_64                           2.28-2.fc36                          @fedora-updates           
libblockdev-swap.x86_64                                  2.28-2.fc36                          @fedora-updates           
libblockdev-utils.x86_64                                 2.28-2.fc36                          @fedora-updates           
libbluray.i686                                           1.3.4-1.fc36                         @updates                  
libbluray.x86_64                                         1.3.4-1.fc36                         @updates                  
libbpf.x86_64                                            2:0.7.0-3.fc36                       @fedora-updates           
libbrotli.i686                                           1.0.9-7.fc36                         @anaconda                 
libbrotli.x86_64                                         1.0.9-7.fc36                         @anaconda                 
libbs2b.x86_64                                           3.1.0-28.fc36                        @fedora                   
libbsd.x86_64                                            0.11.7-2.fc36                        @updates                  
libburn.x86_64                                           1.5.4-4.fc36                         @fedora                   
libbytesize.x86_64                                       2.7-1.fc36                           @fedora-updates           
libcaca.x86_64                                           0.99-0.59.beta20.fc36                @anaconda                 
libcacard.x86_64                                         3:2.8.1-2.fc36                       @fedora                   
libcanberra.i686                                         0.30-28.fc36                         @anaconda                 
libcanberra.x86_64                                       0.30-28.fc36                         @anaconda                 
libcanberra-gtk2.i686                                    0.30-28.fc36                         @anaconda                 
libcanberra-gtk2.x86_64                                  0.30-28.fc36                         @anaconda                 
libcanberra-gtk3.i686                                    0.30-28.fc36                         @anaconda                 
libcanberra-gtk3.x86_64                                  0.30-28.fc36                         @anaconda                 
libcap.i686                                              2.48-4.fc36                          @anaconda                 
libcap.x86_64                                            2.48-4.fc36                          @anaconda                 
libcap-ng.x86_64                                         0.8.3-1.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
libcap-ng-python3.x86_64                                 0.8.3-1.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
libcbor.x86_64                                           0.7.0-5.fc36                         @anaconda                 
libcdio.i686                                             2.1.0-6.fc36                         @anaconda                 
libcdio.x86_64                                           2.1.0-6.fc36                         @anaconda                 
libcdio-paranoia.x86_64                                  10.2+2.0.1-6.fc36                    @anaconda                 
libchamplain.x86_64                                      0.12.20-6.fc36                       @anaconda                 
libchamplain-gtk.x86_64                                  0.12.20-6.fc36                       @anaconda                 
libchromaprint.x86_64                                    1.5.1-3.fc36                         @updates                  
libcloudproviders.i686                                   0.3.1-5.fc36                         @anaconda                 
libcloudproviders.x86_64                                 0.3.1-5.fc36                         @anaconda                 
libcollection.x86_64                                     0.7.0-50.fc36                        @anaconda                 
libcom_err.i686                                          1.46.5-2.fc36                        @anaconda                 
libcom_err.x86_64                                        1.46.5-2.fc36                        @anaconda                 
libcomps.x86_64                                          0.1.18-2.fc36                        @anaconda                 
libconfig.x86_64                                         1.7.3-3.fc36                         @fedora                   
libcue.x86_64                                            2.2.1-9.fc36                         @anaconda                 
libcurl.i686                                             7.82.0-12.fc36                       @updates                  
libcurl.x86_64                                           7.82.0-12.fc36                       @updates                  
libcxx.x86_64                                            14.0.5-1.fc36                        @updates                  
libcxxabi.x86_64                                         14.0.5-1.fc36                        @updates                  
libdaemon.x86_64                                         0.14-23.fc36                         @anaconda                 
libdatrie.i686                                           0.2.13-3.fc36                        @anaconda                 
libdatrie.x86_64                                         0.2.13-3.fc36                        @anaconda                 
libdav1d.i686                                            0.9.2-2.fc36                         @anaconda                 
libdav1d.x86_64                                          0.9.2-2.fc36                         @anaconda                 
libdazzle.x86_64                                         3.44.0-1.fc36                        @anaconda                 
libdb.x86_64                                             5.3.28-51.fc36                       @anaconda                 
libdbusmenu.i686                                         16.04.0-19.fc36                      @anaconda                 
libdbusmenu.x86_64                                       16.04.0-19.fc36                      @anaconda                 
libdbusmenu-gtk2.x86_64                                  16.04.0-19.fc36                      @fedora                   
libdbusmenu-gtk3.i686                                    16.04.0-19.fc36                      @anaconda                 
libdbusmenu-gtk3.x86_64                                  16.04.0-19.fc36                      @anaconda                 
libdca.i686                                              0.0.7-7.fc36                         @updates                  
libdca.x86_64                                            0.0.7-7.fc36                         @updates                  
libde265.i686                                            1.0.9-1.fc36                         @rpmfusion-free-updates   
libde265.x86_64                                          1.0.9-1.fc36                         @rpmfusion-free-updates   
libdecor.i686                                            0.1.1-1.fc36                         @updates                  
libdecor.x86_64                                          0.1.1-1.fc36                         @updates                  
libdhash.x86_64                                          0.5.0-50.fc36                        @anaconda                 
libdispatch.x86_64                                       1:5.7.2-1.fc36                       @updates                  
libdmapsharing.x86_64                                    2.9.41-6.fc36                        @anaconda                 
libdmapsharing4.x86_64                                   3.9.10-5.fc36                        @anaconda                 
libdmx.x86_64                                            1.1.4-12.fc36                        @anaconda                 
libdnf.x86_64                                            0.68.0-1.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
libdrm.i686                                              2.4.110-20220827.d76c387.fc36        @nobara-baseos-multilib   
libdrm.x86_64                                            2.4.110-20220827.d76c387.fc36        @nobara-baseos            
libdvdnav.i686                                           6.1.1-3.fc36                         @anaconda                 
libdvdnav.x86_64                                         6.1.1-3.fc36                         @anaconda                 
libdvdread.i686                                          6.1.3-1.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
libdvdread.x86_64                                        6.1.3-1.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
libeconf.x86_64                                          0.4.0-3.fc36                         @anaconda                 
libedit.i686                                             3.1-41.20210910cvs.fc36              @anaconda                 
libedit.x86_64                                           3.1-41.20210910cvs.fc36              @anaconda                 
libepoxy.i686                                            1.5.10-1.fc36                        @anaconda                 
libepoxy.x86_64                                          1.5.10-1.fc36                        @anaconda                 
liberation-fonts.noarch                                  1:2.1.5-2.fc36                       @fedora                   
liberation-fonts-common.noarch                           1:2.1.5-2.fc36                       @anaconda                 
liberation-mono-fonts.noarch                             1:2.1.5-2.fc36                       @anaconda                 
liberation-narrow-fonts.noarch                           2:1.07.6-8.fc36                      @anaconda                 
liberation-sans-fonts.noarch                             1:2.1.5-2.fc36                       @anaconda                 
liberation-serif-fonts.noarch                            1:2.1.5-2.fc36                       @anaconda                 
libertas-usb8388-firmware.noarch                         2:20221214-142.fc36                  @nobara-baseos            
libev.x86_64                                             4.33-5.fc36                          @fedora                   
libevdev.x86_64                                          1.13.0-1.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
libevent.i686                                            2.1.12-6.fc36                        @anaconda                 
libevent.x86_64                                          2.1.12-6.fc36                        @anaconda                 
libexif.i686                                             0.6.24-2.fc36                        @anaconda                 
libexif.x86_64                                           0.6.24-2.fc36                        @anaconda                 
libfdisk.x86_64                                          2.38-1.fc36                          @fedora-updates           
libfdt.x86_64                                            1.6.1-4.fc36                         @updates                  
libffi.i686                                              3.4.2-8.fc36                         @anaconda                 
libffi.x86_64                                            3.4.2-8.fc36                         @anaconda                 
libffi-devel.x86_64                                      3.4.2-8.fc36                         @anaconda                 
libfido2.x86_64                                          1.10.0-5.fc36                        @updates                  
libfontenc.x86_64                                        1.1.4-3.fc36                         @anaconda                 
libfprint.x86_64                                         1.94.4-1.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
libfreeaptx.x86_64                                       0.1.1-3.fc36                         @rpmfusion-free           
libfsverity.x86_64                                       1.4-7.fc36                           @anaconda                 
libftdi.x86_64                                           1.5-3.fc36                           @anaconda                 
libgcab1.x86_64                                          1.4-6.fc36                           @anaconda                 
libgcc.i686                                              12.2.1-4.fc36                        @updates                  
libgcc.x86_64                                            12.2.1-4.fc36                        @updates                  
libgcrypt.i686                                           1.10.1-3.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
libgcrypt.x86_64                                         1.10.1-3.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
libgdata.x86_64                                          0.18.1-4.fc36                        @anaconda                 
libgdither.x86_64                                        0.6-26.fc36                          @anaconda                 
libgee.x86_64                                            0.20.5-1.fc36                        @anaconda                 
libgexiv2.x86_64                                         0.14.0-2.fc36                        @anaconda                 
libgfapi0.x86_64                                         10.3-1.fc36                          @updates                  
libgfortran.x86_64                                       12.2.1-4.fc36                        @updates                  
libgfrpc0.x86_64                                         10.3-1.fc36                          @updates                  
libgfxdr0.x86_64                                         10.3-1.fc36                          @updates                  
libgit2.x86_64                                           1.3.2-1.fc36                         @updates                  
libglusterd0.x86_64                                      10.3-1.fc36                          @updates                  
libglusterfs0.x86_64                                     10.3-1.fc36                          @updates                  
libglvnd.i686                                            1:1.4.0-0.1.20220827.gitdc08487.fc36 @nobara-baseos-multilib   
libglvnd.x86_64                                          1:1.4.0-0.1.20220827.gitdc08487.fc36 @nobara-baseos            
libglvnd-core-devel.x86_64                               1:1.4.0-0.1.20220827.gitdc08487.fc36 @nobara-baseos            
libglvnd-devel.x86_64                                    1:1.4.0-0.1.20220827.gitdc08487.fc36 @nobara-baseos            
libglvnd-egl.i686                                        1:1.4.0-0.1.20220827.gitdc08487.fc36 @nobara-baseos-multilib   
libglvnd-egl.x86_64                                      1:1.4.0-0.1.20220827.gitdc08487.fc36 @nobara-baseos            
libglvnd-gles.x86_64                                     1:1.4.0-0.1.20220827.gitdc08487.fc36 @nobara-baseos            
libglvnd-glx.i686                                        1:1.4.0-0.1.20220827.gitdc08487.fc36 @nobara-baseos-multilib   
libglvnd-glx.x86_64                                      1:1.4.0-0.1.20220827.gitdc08487.fc36 @nobara-baseos            
libglvnd-opengl.x86_64                                   1:1.4.0-0.1.20220827.gitdc08487.fc36 @nobara-baseos            
libgnome-games-support.x86_64                            1.8.2-2.fc36                         @fedora                   
libgnomekbd.x86_64                                       3.26.1-7.fc36                        @anaconda                 
libgomp.i686                                             12.2.1-4.fc36                        @updates                  
libgomp.x86_64                                           12.2.1-4.fc36                        @updates                  
libgovirt.x86_64                                         0.3.8-3.fc36                         @fedora                   
libgpg-error.i686                                        1.45-1.fc36                          @fedora-updates           
libgpg-error.x86_64                                      1.45-1.fc36                          @fedora-updates           
libgphoto2.i686                                          2.5.30-2.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
libgphoto2.x86_64                                        2.5.30-2.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
libgpod.x86_64                                           0.8.3-41.fc36                        @anaconda                 
libgrss.x86_64                                           0.7.0-14.fc36                        @anaconda                 
libgs.x86_64                                             9.56.1-5.fc36                        @updates                  
libgsasl.x86_64                                          1.10.0-3.fc36                        @fedora                   
libgsf.x86_64                                            1.14.47-5.fc36                       @anaconda                 
libgtop2.x86_64                                          2.40.0-8.fc36                        @anaconda                 
libgudev.i686                                            237-2.fc36                           @anaconda                 
libgudev.x86_64                                          237-2.fc36                           @anaconda                 
libguestfs.x86_64                                        1:1.48.6-1.fc36                      @updates                  
libguestfs-appliance.x86_64                              1:1.48.6-1.fc36                      @updates                  
libguestfs-xfs.x86_64                                    1:1.48.6-1.fc36                      @updates                  
libgusb.i686                                             0.3.10-2.fc36                        @anaconda                 
libgusb.x86_64                                           0.3.10-2.fc36                        @anaconda                 
libgweather.x86_64                                       40.0-3.fc36                          @anaconda                 
libgweather4.x86_64                                      4.0.0-1.fc36                         @anaconda                 
libgxps.x86_64                                           0.3.2-3.fc36                         @anaconda                 
libhandy.x86_64                                          1.6.3-1.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
libhangul.x86_64                                         0.1.0-25.fc36                        @anaconda                 
libi2c.x86_64                                            4.3-2.fc36                           @anaconda                 
libibverbs.i686                                          39.0-1.fc36                          @anaconda                 
libibverbs.x86_64                                        39.0-1.fc36                          @anaconda                 
libical.x86_64                                           3.0.14-1.fc36                        @anaconda                 
libical-glib.x86_64                                      3.0.14-1.fc36                        @anaconda                 
libicu.i686                                              69.1-6.fc36                          @fedora-updates           
libicu.x86_64                                            69.1-6.fc36                          @fedora-updates           
libidn.x86_64                                            1.38-4.fc36                          @fedora                   
libidn2.i686                                             2.3.4-1.fc36                         @updates                  
libidn2.x86_64                                           2.3.4-1.fc36                         @updates                  
libieee1284.i686                                         0.2.11-38.fc36                       @anaconda                 
libieee1284.x86_64                                       0.2.11-38.fc36                       @anaconda                 
libijs.x86_64                                            0.35-15.fc36                         @anaconda                 
libimagequant.i686                                       2.17.0-2.fc36                        @anaconda                 
libimagequant.x86_64                                     2.17.0-2.fc36                        @anaconda                 
libimobiledevice.x86_64                                  1.3.0-6.fc36                         @anaconda                 
libindicator.x86_64                                      12.10.1-22.fc36                      @fedora                   
libindicator-gtk3.x86_64                                 12.10.1-22.fc36                      @anaconda                 
libini_config.x86_64                                     1.3.1-50.fc36                        @anaconda                 
libinput.x86_64                                          1.21.0-1.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
libinstpatch.x86_64                                      1.1.6-10.fc36                        @updates                  
libipa_hbac.x86_64                                       2.7.4-1.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
libipt.x86_64                                            2.0.5-1.fc36                         @anaconda                 
libiptcdata.x86_64                                       1.0.5-10.fc36                        @anaconda                 
libircclient.x86_64                                      1.8-21.fc36                          @fedora                   
libiscsi.x86_64                                          1.19.0-5.fc36                        @fedora                   
libisoburn.x86_64                                        1.5.4-4.fc36                         @fedora                   
libisofs.x86_64                                          1.5.4-3.fc36                         @fedora                   
libjaylink.x86_64                                        0.3.0-1.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
libjcat.x86_64                                           0.1.12-1.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
libjpeg-turbo.i686                                       2.1.2-2.fc36                         @anaconda                 
libjpeg-turbo.x86_64                                     2.1.2-2.fc36                         @anaconda                 
libjxl.i686                                              0.6.1-9.fc36                         @anaconda                 
libjxl.x86_64                                            0.6.1-9.fc36                         @anaconda                 
libkadm5.x86_64                                          1.19.2-12.fc36                       @updates                  
libkcapi.x86_64                                          1.4.0-2.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
libkcapi-hmaccalc.x86_64                                 1.4.0-2.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
libksba.x86_64                                           1.6.3-1.fc36                         @updates                  
libldac.i686                                             2.0.2.3-10.fc36                      @anaconda                 
libldac.x86_64                                           2.0.2.3-10.fc36                      @anaconda                 
libldb.x86_64                                            2.5.2-1.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
libldm.x86_64                                            0.2.4-10.fc36                        @fedora                   
libliftoff.x86_64                                        0.3.0-1.fc36                         @nobara-baseos            
liblouis.x86_64                                          3.22.0-1.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
liblouis-utils.x86_64                                    3.22.0-1.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
liblouisutdml.x86_64                                     2.11.0-1.fc36                        @anaconda                 
liblouisutdml-utils.x86_64                               2.11.0-1.fc36                        @anaconda                 
liblqr-1.x86_64                                          0.4.2-19.fc36                        @anaconda                 
libmad.x86_64                                            0.15.1b-33.fc36                      @fedora                   
libmanette.x86_64                                        0.2.6-4.fc36                         @anaconda                 
libmaxminddb.x86_64                                      1.7.1-1.fc36                         @updates                  
libmbim.x86_64                                           1.26.4-1.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
libmbim-utils.x86_64                                     1.26.4-1.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
libmd.x86_64                                             1.0.4-2.fc36                         @updates                  
libmediaart.x86_64                                       1.9.6-1.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
libmetalink.x86_64                                       0.1.3-25.fc36                        @anaconda                 
libmikmod.x86_64                                         3.3.11.1-12.fc36                     @fedora                   
libmng.x86_64                                            2.0.3-15.fc36                        @anaconda                 
libmnl.x86_64                                            1.0.4-15.fc36                        @anaconda                 
libmodplug.i686                                          1:0.8.9.0-14.fc36                    @fedora                   
libmodplug.x86_64                                        1:0.8.9.0-14.fc36                    @fedora                   
libmodulemd.x86_64                                       2.14.0-2.fc36                        @anaconda                 
libmount.i686                                            2.38-1.fc36                          @fedora-updates           
libmount.x86_64                                          2.38-1.fc36                          @fedora-updates           
libmount-devel.x86_64                                    2.38-1.fc36                          @fedora-updates           
libmpc.x86_64                                            1.2.1-4.fc36                         @anaconda                 
libmpeg2.i686                                            0.5.1-24.fc36                        @anaconda                 
libmpeg2.x86_64                                          0.5.1-24.fc36                        @anaconda                 
libmspack.x86_64                                         0.10.1-0.7.alpha.fc36                @anaconda                 
libmtp.x86_64                                            1.1.18-5.fc36                        @anaconda                 
libmysofa.i686                                           1.2.1-2.fc36                         @fedora                   
libmysofa.x86_64                                         1.2.1-2.fc36                         @fedora                   
libndp.x86_64                                            1.8-3.fc36                           @anaconda                 
libnet.x86_64                                            1.2-5.fc36                           @anaconda                 
libnetfilter_conntrack.x86_64                            1.0.8-4.fc36                         @anaconda                 
libnfnetlink.x86_64                                      1.0.1-21.fc36                        @anaconda                 
libnfs.x86_64                                            4.0.0-6.fc36                         @fedora                   
libnfsidmap.x86_64                                       1:2.6.2-0.fc36                       @updates                  
libnftnl.x86_64                                          1.2.1-2.fc36                         @anaconda                 
libnghttp2.i686                                          1.51.0-1.fc36                        @updates                  
libnghttp2.x86_64                                        1.51.0-1.fc36                        @updates                  
libnice.i686                                             0.1.19-1.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
libnice.x86_64                                           0.1.19-1.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
libnl3.i686                                              3.7.0-1.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
libnl3.x86_64                                            3.7.0-1.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
libnl3-cli.x86_64                                        3.7.0-1.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
libnma.x86_64                                            1.8.38-1.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
libnma-gtk4.x86_64                                       1.8.38-1.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
libnotify.x86_64                                         0.7.12-1.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
libnsl.i686                                              2.35-10.fc36                         @nobara-baseos-multilib   
libnsl.x86_64                                            2.35-10.fc36                         @nobara-baseos            
libnsl2.i686                                             2.0.0-3.fc36                         @anaconda                 
libnsl2.x86_64                                           2.0.0-3.fc36                         @anaconda                 
libntlm.x86_64                                           1.6-4.fc36                           @fedora                   
libnvme.x86_64                                           1.0-1.fc36                           @fedora-updates           
liboauth.x86_64                                          1.0.3-18.fc36                        @anaconda                 
libogg.i686                                              2:1.3.5-3.fc36                       @anaconda                 
libogg.x86_64                                            2:1.3.5-3.fc36                       @anaconda                 
libomp.x86_64                                            14.0.5-1.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
libomp-devel.x86_64                                      14.0.5-1.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
libopenmpt.i686                                          0.6.3-1.fc36                         @updates                  
libopenmpt.x86_64                                        0.6.3-1.fc36                         @updates                  
libosinfo.x86_64                                         1.10.0-1.fc36                        @anaconda                 
libpaper.x86_64                                          1.1.28-4.fc36                        @anaconda                 
libpasswdqc.x86_64                                       2.0.2-3.fc36                         @anaconda                 
libpath_utils.x86_64                                     0.2.1-50.fc36                        @anaconda                 
libpcap.i686                                             14:1.10.2-1.fc36                     @updates                  
libpcap.x86_64                                           14:1.10.2-1.fc36                     @updates                  
libpciaccess.i686                                        0.16-6.fc36                          @anaconda                 
libpciaccess.x86_64                                      0.16-6.fc36                          @anaconda                 
libpeas.x86_64                                           1.32.0-1.fc36                        @anaconda                 
libpeas-gtk.x86_64                                       1.32.0-1.fc36                        @anaconda                 
libpeas-loader-python3.x86_64                            1.32.0-1.fc36                        @anaconda                 
libphodav.x86_64                                         2.5-6.fc36                           @fedora                   
libphonenumber.x86_64                                    8.12.11-11.fc36                      @anaconda                 
libpinyin.x86_64                                         2.6.2-1.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
libpinyin-data.x86_64                                    2.6.2-1.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
libpipeline.x86_64                                       1.5.5-2.fc36                         @anaconda                 
libpkgconf.x86_64                                        1.8.0-2.fc36                         @anaconda                 
libplist.x86_64                                          2.2.0-6.fc36                         @anaconda                 
libpmem.x86_64                                           1.11.1-4.fc36                        @fedora                   
libpng.i686                                              2:1.6.37-12.fc36                     @anaconda                 
libpng.x86_64                                            2:1.6.37-12.fc36                     @anaconda                 
libpng12.i686                                            1.2.57-15.fc36                       @anaconda                 
libpng12.x86_64                                          1.2.57-15.fc36                       @anaconda                 
libportal.x86_64                                         0.5-2.fc36                           @anaconda                 
libproxy.i686                                            0.4.18-1.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
libproxy.x86_64                                          0.4.18-1.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
libproxy-webkitgtk4.x86_64                               0.4.18-1.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
libpskc.x86_64                                           2.6.7-3.fc36                         @anaconda                 
libpsl.i686                                              0.21.1-5.fc36                        @anaconda                 
libpsl.x86_64                                            0.21.1-5.fc36                        @anaconda                 
libpwquality.x86_64                                      1.4.4-7.fc36                         @anaconda                 
libqb.x86_64                                             2.0.4-3.fc36                         @fedora                   
libqmi.x86_64                                            1.30.6-1.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
libqmi-utils.x86_64                                      1.30.6-1.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
libqrcodegencpp.x86_64                                   1.8.0-1.fc36                         @updates                  
libqrtr-glib.x86_64                                      1.0.0-3.fc36                         @anaconda                 
libquadmath.x86_64                                       12.2.1-4.fc36                        @updates                  
libquadmath-devel.x86_64                                 12.2.1-4.fc36                        @updates                  
librados2.x86_64                                         2:16.2.10-1.fc36                     @updates                  
libraqm.x86_64                                           0.8.0-1.fc36                         @anaconda                 
librbd1.x86_64                                           2:16.2.10-1.fc36                     @updates                  
librdmacm.x86_64                                         39.0-1.fc36                          @fedora                   
libref_array.x86_64                                      0.1.5-50.fc36                        @anaconda                 
librepo.x86_64                                           1.15.1-1.fc36                        @updates                  
libreport.x86_64                                         2.17.4-1.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
libreport-anaconda.x86_64                                2.17.4-1.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
libreport-cli.x86_64                                     2.17.4-1.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
libreport-fedora.x86_64                                  2.17.4-1.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
libreport-filesystem.noarch                              2.17.4-1.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
libreport-gtk.x86_64                                     2.17.4-1.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
libreport-plugin-bugzilla.x86_64                         2.17.4-1.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
libreport-plugin-kerneloops.x86_64                       2.17.4-1.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
libreport-plugin-logger.x86_64                           2.17.4-1.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
libreport-plugin-reportuploader.x86_64                   2.17.4-1.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
libreport-plugin-systemd-journal.x86_64                  2.17.4-1.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
libreport-plugin-ureport.x86_64                          2.17.4-1.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
libreport-web.x86_64                                     2.17.4-1.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
libretls.x86_64                                          3.7.0-1.fc36                         @updates                  
librevenge.x86_64                                        0.0.5-3.fc36                         @updates                  
librsvg2.i686                                            2.54.5-1.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
librsvg2.x86_64                                          2.54.5-1.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
librtmp.i686                                             2.4-21.20190330.gitc5f04a5.fc36      @rpmfusion-free           
librtmp.x86_64                                           2.4-21.20190330.gitc5f04a5.fc36      @rpmfusion-free           
libsamplerate.x86_64                                     0.2.2-2.fc36                         @anaconda                 
libsane-airscan.x86_64                                   0.99.27-4.fc36                       @anaconda                 
libsane-hpaio.x86_64                                     3.22.10-3.fc36                       @updates                  
libsbc.i686                                              1.5-3.fc36                           @anaconda                 
libsbc.x86_64                                            1.5-3.fc36                           @anaconda                 
libseat.x86_64                                           0.7.0-1.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
libseccomp.x86_64                                        2.5.3-2.fc36                         @anaconda                 
libsecret.x86_64                                         0.20.5-1.fc36                        @anaconda                 
libselinux.i686                                          3.3-4.fc36                           @anaconda                 
libselinux.x86_64                                        3.3-4.fc36                           @anaconda                 
libselinux-devel.x86_64                                  3.3-4.fc36                           @anaconda                 
libselinux-utils.x86_64                                  3.3-4.fc36                           @anaconda                 
libsemanage.x86_64                                       3.3-3.fc36                           @anaconda                 
libsepol.i686                                            3.3-3.fc36                           @anaconda                 
libsepol.x86_64                                          3.3-3.fc36                           @anaconda                 
libsepol-devel.x86_64                                    3.3-3.fc36                           @anaconda                 
libshout.i686                                            2.4.3-6.fc36                         @anaconda                 
libshout.x86_64                                          2.4.3-6.fc36                         @anaconda                 
libsigc++20.x86_64                                       2.10.8-1.fc36                        @anaconda                 
libsigsegv.x86_64                                        2.14-2.fc36                          @anaconda                 
libslirp.x86_64                                          4.6.1-3.fc36                         @anaconda                 
libsmartcols.x86_64                                      2.38-1.fc36                          @fedora-updates           
libsmbclient.x86_64                                      2:4.16.8-1.fc36                      @updates                  
libsmbios.x86_64                                         2.4.3-5.fc36                         @anaconda                 
libsndfile.i686                                          1.1.0-4.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
libsndfile.x86_64                                        1.1.0-4.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
libsodium.x86_64                                         1.0.18-9.fc36                        @anaconda                 
libsolv.x86_64                                           0.7.22-1.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
libsoup.i686                                             2.74.2-2.fc36                        @anaconda                 
libsoup.x86_64                                           2.74.2-2.fc36                        @anaconda                 
libsoup3.x86_64                                          3.0.7-1.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
libspectre.x86_64                                        0.2.9-6.fc36                         @anaconda                 
libsrtp.i686                                             2.3.0-8.fc36                         @anaconda                 
libsrtp.x86_64                                           2.3.0-8.fc36                         @anaconda                 
libss.x86_64                                             1.46.5-2.fc36                        @anaconda                 
libssh.i686                                              0.9.6-4.fc36                         @anaconda                 
libssh.x86_64                                            0.9.6-4.fc36                         @anaconda                 
libssh-config.noarch                                     0.9.6-4.fc36                         @anaconda                 
libssh2.x86_64                                           1.10.0-4.fc36                        @anaconda                 
libsss_certmap.x86_64                                    2.7.4-1.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
libsss_idmap.x86_64                                      2.7.4-1.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
libsss_nss_idmap.x86_64                                  2.7.4-1.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
libsss_sudo.x86_64                                       2.7.4-1.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
libstdc++.i686                                           12.2.1-4.fc36                        @updates                  
libstdc++.x86_64                                         12.2.1-4.fc36                        @updates                  
libstdc++-devel.x86_64                                   12.2.1-4.fc36                        @updates                  
libstemmer.i686                                          0-18.585svn.fc36                     @anaconda                 
libstemmer.x86_64                                        0-18.585svn.fc36                     @anaconda                 
libtalloc.x86_64                                         2.3.4-1.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
libtasn1.i686                                            4.19.0-1.fc36                        @updates                  
libtasn1.x86_64                                          4.19.0-1.fc36                        @updates                  
libtdb.i686                                              1.4.7-1.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
libtdb.x86_64                                            1.4.7-1.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
libteam.x86_64                                           1.31-5.fc36                          @anaconda                 
libtermkey.x86_64                                        0.22-2.fc36                          @fedora                   
libtevent.x86_64                                         0.12.1-1.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
libthai.i686                                             0.1.29-2.fc36                        @anaconda                 
libthai.x86_64                                           0.1.29-2.fc36                        @anaconda                 
libtheora.i686                                           1:1.1.1-31.fc36                      @anaconda                 
libtheora.x86_64                                         1:1.1.1-31.fc36                      @anaconda                 
libtiff.i686                                             4.4.0-4.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
libtiff.x86_64                                           4.4.0-4.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
libtimezonemap.x86_64                                    0.4.5.1-11.fc36                      @anaconda                 
libtirpc.i686                                            1.3.3-0.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
libtirpc.x86_64                                          1.3.3-0.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
libtomcrypt.x86_64                                       1.18.2-14.fc36                       @anaconda                 
libtommath.x86_64                                        1.2.0-7.fc36                         @anaconda                 
libtool-ltdl.i686                                        2.4.7-1.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
libtool-ltdl.x86_64                                      2.4.7-1.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
libtpms.x86_64                                           0.9.5-1.fc36                         @updates                  
libtracker-sparql.i686                                   3.3.3-1.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
libtracker-sparql.x86_64                                 3.3.3-1.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
libtree-sitter.x86_64                                    0.20.7-1.fc36                        @updates                  
libudfread.i686                                          1.1.2-3.fc36                         @fedora                   
libudfread.x86_64                                        1.1.2-3.fc36                         @anaconda                 
libudisks2.x86_64                                        2.9.4-4.fc36                         @anaconda                 
libunistring.i686                                        1.0-1.fc36                           @anaconda                 
libunistring.x86_64                                      1.0-1.fc36                           @anaconda                 
libunity.x86_64                                          7.1.4-28.20190319.fc36               @anaconda                 
libunwind.i686                                           1.6.2-2.fc36                         @anaconda                 
libunwind.x86_64                                         1.6.2-2.fc36                         @anaconda                 
liburing.x86_64                                          2.0-3.fc36                           @anaconda                 
libusb1.i686                                             1.0.25-8.fc36                        @anaconda                 
libusb1.x86_64                                           1.0.25-8.fc36                        @anaconda                 
libusbmuxd.x86_64                                        2.0.2-6.fc36                         @anaconda                 
libuser.x86_64                                           0.63-10.fc36                         @anaconda                 
libutempter.x86_64                                       1.2.1-6.fc36                         @anaconda                 
libuuid.i686                                             2.38-1.fc36                          @fedora-updates           
libuuid.x86_64                                           2.38-1.fc36                          @fedora-updates           
libuv.x86_64                                             1:1.44.2-1.fc36                      @fedora-updates           
libv4l.i686                                              1.22.1-2.fc36                        @anaconda                 
libv4l.x86_64                                            1.22.1-2.fc36                        @anaconda                 
libva.i686                                               2.14.0-1.fc36                        @anaconda                 
libva.x86_64                                             2.14.0-1.fc36                        @anaconda                 
libva-intel-driver.x86_64                                2.4.1-8.fc36                         @rpmfusion-free           
libva-intel-hybrid-driver.x86_64                         1.0.2-22.fc36                        @anaconda                 
libvdpau.i686                                            1.5-1.fc36                           @anaconda                 
libvdpau.x86_64                                          1.5-1.fc36                           @anaconda                 
libverto.i686                                            0.3.2-3.fc36                         @anaconda                 
libverto.x86_64                                          0.3.2-3.fc36                         @anaconda                 
libverto-libev.x86_64                                    0.3.2-3.fc36                         @fedora                   
libvirt.x86_64                                           8.1.0-2.fc36                         @fedora                   
libvirt-client.x86_64                                    8.1.0-2.fc36                         @fedora                   
libvirt-daemon.x86_64                                    8.1.0-2.fc36                         @fedora                   
libvirt-daemon-config-network.x86_64                     8.1.0-2.fc36                         @fedora                   
libvirt-daemon-config-nwfilter.x86_64                    8.1.0-2.fc36                         @fedora                   
libvirt-daemon-driver-interface.x86_64                   8.1.0-2.fc36                         @fedora                   
libvirt-daemon-driver-libxl.x86_64                       8.1.0-2.fc36                         @fedora                   
libvirt-daemon-driver-lxc.x86_64                         8.1.0-2.fc36                         @fedora                   
libvirt-daemon-driver-network.x86_64                     8.1.0-2.fc36                         @fedora                   
libvirt-daemon-driver-nodedev.x86_64                     8.1.0-2.fc36                         @fedora                   
libvirt-daemon-driver-nwfilter.x86_64                    8.1.0-2.fc36                         @fedora                   
libvirt-daemon-driver-qemu.x86_64                        8.1.0-2.fc36                         @fedora                   
libvirt-daemon-driver-secret.x86_64                      8.1.0-2.fc36                         @fedora                   
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage.x86_64                     8.1.0-2.fc36                         @fedora                   
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-core.x86_64                8.1.0-2.fc36                         @fedora                   
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-disk.x86_64                8.1.0-2.fc36                         @fedora                   
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-gluster.x86_64             8.1.0-2.fc36                         @fedora                   
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-iscsi.x86_64               8.1.0-2.fc36                         @fedora                   
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-iscsi-direct.x86_64        8.1.0-2.fc36                         @fedora                   
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-logical.x86_64             8.1.0-2.fc36                         @fedora                   
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-mpath.x86_64               8.1.0-2.fc36                         @fedora                   
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-rbd.x86_64                 8.1.0-2.fc36                         @fedora                   
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-scsi.x86_64                8.1.0-2.fc36                         @fedora                   
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-sheepdog.x86_64            8.1.0-2.fc36                         @fedora                   
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-zfs.x86_64                 8.1.0-2.fc36                         @fedora                   
libvirt-daemon-driver-vbox.x86_64                        8.1.0-2.fc36                         @fedora                   
libvirt-daemon-kvm.x86_64                                8.1.0-2.fc36                         @fedora                   
libvirt-devel.x86_64                                     8.1.0-2.fc36                         @fedora                   
libvirt-glib.x86_64                                      4.0.0-4.fc36                         @fedora                   
libvirt-libs.x86_64                                      8.1.0-2.fc36                         @fedora                   
libvisual.i686                                           1:0.4.0-35.fc36                      @anaconda                 
libvisual.x86_64                                         1:0.4.0-35.fc36                      @anaconda                 
libvmaf.x86_64                                           2.3.0-3.fc36                         @anaconda                 
libvncserver.x86_64                                      0.9.13-12.fc36                       @anaconda                 
libvorbis.i686                                           1:1.3.7-5.fc36                       @anaconda                 
libvorbis.x86_64                                         1:1.3.7-5.fc36                       @anaconda                 
libvpx.i686                                              1.11.0-1.fc36                        @anaconda                 
libvpx.x86_64                                            1.11.0-1.fc36                        @anaconda                 
libvterm.x86_64                                          0.3-1.fc36                           @updates                  
libwacom.x86_64                                          2.2.0-1.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
libwacom-data.noarch                                     2.2.0-1.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
libwayland-client.i686                                   1.21.0-1.fc36                        @updates                  
libwayland-client.x86_64                                 1.21.0-1.fc36                        @updates                  
libwayland-cursor.i686                                   1.21.0-1.fc36                        @updates                  
libwayland-cursor.x86_64                                 1.21.0-1.fc36                        @updates                  
libwayland-egl.i686                                      1.21.0-1.fc36                        @updates                  
libwayland-egl.x86_64                                    1.21.0-1.fc36                        @updates                  
libwayland-server.i686                                   1.21.0-1.fc36                        @updates                  
libwayland-server.x86_64                                 1.21.0-1.fc36                        @updates                  
libwbclient.x86_64                                       2:4.16.8-1.fc36                      @updates                  
libwebp.i686                                             1.3.0-1.fc36                         @updates                  
libwebp.x86_64                                           1.3.0-1.fc36                         @updates                  
libwinpr.x86_64                                          2:2.9.0-1.fc36                       @updates                  
libwmf-lite.x86_64                                       0.2.12-8.fc36                        @anaconda                 
libwnck3.x86_64                                          43.0-3.fc36                          @updates                  
libwpd.x86_64                                            0.10.3-10.fc36                       @anaconda                 
libwpe.x86_64                                            1.12.0-3.fc36                        @anaconda                 
libwpg.x86_64                                            0.3.3-8.fc36                         @anaconda                 
libwsman1.x86_64                                         2.7.1-3.fc36                         @fedora                   
libxcb.i686                                              1.13.1-9.fc36                        @anaconda                 
libxcb.x86_64                                            1.13.1-9.fc36                        @anaconda                 
libxcb-devel.x86_64                                      1.13.1-9.fc36                        @fedora                   
libxcrypt.i686                                           4.4.33-4.fc36                        @updates                  
libxcrypt.x86_64                                         4.4.33-4.fc36                        @updates                  
libxcrypt-compat.i686                                    4.4.33-4.fc36                        @updates                  
libxcrypt-compat.x86_64                                  4.4.33-4.fc36                        @updates                  
libxcrypt-devel.x86_64                                   4.4.33-4.fc36                        @updates                  
libxcvt.x86_64                                           0.1.2-1.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
libxdo.x86_64                                            1:3.20211022.1-1.fc36                @updates                  
libxkbcommon.i686                                        1.4.0-1.fc36                         @anaconda                 
libxkbcommon.x86_64                                      1.4.0-1.fc36                         @anaconda                 
libxkbcommon-x11.x86_64                                  1.4.0-1.fc36                         @anaconda                 
libxkbfile.x86_64                                        1.1.0-8.fc36                         @anaconda                 
libxklavier.x86_64                                       5.4-20.fc36                          @anaconda                 
libxml2.i686                                             2.10.3-2.fc36                        @updates                  
libxml2.x86_64                                           2.10.3-2.fc36                        @updates                  
libxmlb.x86_64                                           0.3.10-1.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
libxshmfence.i686                                        1.3-10.fc36                          @anaconda                 
libxshmfence.x86_64                                      1.3-10.fc36                          @anaconda                 
libxslt.x86_64                                           1.1.37-1.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
libyaml.x86_64                                           0.2.5-7.fc36                         @anaconda                 
libyubikey.x86_64                                        1.13-17.fc36                         @anaconda                 
libzhuyin.x86_64                                         2.6.2-1.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
libzstd.i686                                             1.5.2-2.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
libzstd.x86_64                                           1.5.2-2.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
lilv-libs.i686                                           0.24.12-5.fc36                       @fedora                   
lilv-libs.x86_64                                         0.24.12-5.fc36                       @fedora                   
linux-atm-libs.x86_64                                    2.5.1-31.fc36                        @fedora                   
linux-firmware.noarch                                    20221214-142.fc36                    @nobara-baseos            
linux-firmware-whence.noarch                             20221214-142.fc36                    @nobara-baseos            
lksctp-tools.x86_64                                      1.0.18-12.fc36                       @fedora                   
llvm.x86_64                                              14.0.5-1.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
llvm-libs.i686                                           14.0.5-1.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
llvm-libs.x86_64                                         14.0.5-1.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
lm_sensors.x86_64                                        3.6.0-11.fc36                        @anaconda                 
lm_sensors-libs.x86_64                                   3.6.0-11.fc36                        @anaconda                 
lmdb.x86_64                                              0.9.29-3.fc36                        @anaconda                 
lmdb-libs.x86_64                                         0.9.29-3.fc36                        @anaconda                 
lockdev.i686                                             1.0.4-0.37.20111007git.fc36          @anaconda                 
lockdev.x86_64                                           1.0.4-0.37.20111007git.fc36          @anaconda                 
logrotate.x86_64                                         3.20.1-2.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
lohit-assamese-fonts.noarch                              2.91.5-13.fc36                       @anaconda                 
lohit-bengali-fonts.noarch                               2.91.5-13.fc36                       @anaconda                 
lohit-devanagari-fonts.noarch                            2.95.5-3.fc36                        @anaconda                 
lohit-gujarati-fonts.noarch                              2.92.4-13.fc36                       @anaconda                 
lohit-kannada-fonts.noarch                               2.5.4-12.fc36                        @anaconda                 
lohit-marathi-fonts.noarch                               2.94.2-14.fc36                       @anaconda                 
lohit-odia-fonts.noarch                                  2.91.2-13.fc36                       @anaconda                 
lohit-tamil-fonts.noarch                                 2.91.3-13.fc36                       @anaconda                 
lohit-telugu-fonts.noarch                                2.5.5-12.fc36                        @anaconda                 
low-memory-monitor.x86_64                                2.1-5.fc36                           @anaconda                 
lpf.noarch                                               0.3-3.fc36                           @fedora                   
lpf-xone-firmware.noarch                                 0.2-3.fc36                           @nobara-baseos            
lrzsz.x86_64                                             0.12.20-55.fc36                      @anaconda                 
lsof.x86_64                                              4.94.0-3.fc36                        @anaconda                 
lsscsi.x86_64                                            0.32-5.fc36                          @fedora                   
lttng-ust.x86_64                                         2.13.1-2.fc36                        @fedora                   
lua.x86_64                                               5.4.4-7.fc36                         @updates                  
lua-libs.x86_64                                          5.4.4-7.fc36                         @updates                  
lua-posix.x86_64                                         35.1-1.fc36                          @fedora                   
lua-srpm-macros.noarch                                   1-6.fc36                             @anaconda                 
luajit.x86_64                                            2.1.0-0.25beta3.fc36                 @updates                  
luajit2.1-luv.x86_64                                     1.44.2.1-1.fc36                      @updates                  
lutris.x86_64                                            0.5.11-2.fc36                        @nobara-baseos            
lv2.x86_64                                               1.18.2-2.fc36                        @fedora                   
lvm2.x86_64                                              2.03.11-7.fc36                       @anaconda                 
lvm2-dbusd.noarch                                        2.03.11-7.fc36                       @anaconda                 
lvm2-libs.x86_64                                         2.03.11-7.fc36                       @anaconda                 
lz4-libs.i686                                            1.9.3-4.fc36                         @anaconda                 
lz4-libs.x86_64                                          1.9.3-4.fc36                         @anaconda                 
lzo.x86_64                                               2.10-6.fc36                          @anaconda                 
lzop.x86_64                                              1.04-8.fc36                          @fedora                   
m17n-db.noarch                                           1.8.0-26.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
m17n-lib.x86_64                                          1.8.0-12.fc36                        @anaconda                 
m4.x86_64                                                1.4.19-3.fc36                        @fedora                   
mactel-boot.x86_64                                       0.9-26.fc36                          @anaconda                 
mailcap.noarch                                           2.1.53-3.fc36                        @anaconda                 
make.x86_64                                              1:4.3-7.fc36                         @anaconda                 
malcontent.x86_64                                        0.10.3-2.fc36                        @anaconda                 
malcontent-control.x86_64                                0.10.3-2.fc36                        @anaconda                 
malcontent-libs.x86_64                                   0.10.3-2.fc36                        @anaconda                 
malcontent-ui-libs.x86_64                                0.10.3-2.fc36                        @anaconda                 
man-db.x86_64                                            2.10.0-3.fc36                        @anaconda                 
man-pages.noarch                                         5.13-4.fc36                          @fedora-updates           
mangohud.i686                                            0.6.8-4.fc36                         @nobara-baseos-multilib   
mangohud.x86_64                                          0.6.8-4.fc36                         @nobara-baseos            
mariadb.x86_64                                           3:10.5.18-1.fc36                     @updates                  
mariadb-backup.x86_64                                    3:10.5.18-1.fc36                     @updates                  
mariadb-common.x86_64                                    3:10.5.18-1.fc36                     @updates                  
mariadb-connector-c.x86_64                               3.2.7-1.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
mariadb-connector-c-config.noarch                        3.2.7-1.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
mariadb-cracklib-password-check.x86_64                   3:10.5.18-1.fc36                     @updates                  
mariadb-embedded.x86_64                                  3:10.5.18-1.fc36                     @updates                  
mariadb-errmsg.x86_64                                    3:10.5.18-1.fc36                     @updates                  
mariadb-gssapi-server.x86_64                             3:10.5.18-1.fc36                     @updates                  
mariadb-server.x86_64                                    3:10.5.18-1.fc36                     @updates                  
mariadb-server-utils.x86_64                              3:10.5.18-1.fc36                     @updates                  
mbedtls.x86_64                                           2.28.2-1.fc36                        @updates                  
mcelog.x86_64                                            3:175-4.fc36                         @anaconda                 
mdadm.x86_64                                             4.2-1.fc36                           @anaconda                 
mdevctl.x86_64                                           1.2.0-1.fc36                         @updates                  
media-player-info.noarch                                 23-10.fc36                           @anaconda                 
mediawriter.x86_64                                       5.0.4-1.fc36                         @updates                  
memstrack.x86_64                                         0.2.4-2.fc36                         @anaconda                 
memtest86+.x86_64                                        5.31-0.6.beta.fc36                   @anaconda                 
mesa-demos.x86_64                                        8.4.0-13.20210504git0f9e7d9.fc36     @anaconda                 
mesa-dri-drivers.i686                                    22.3.1-1.fc36                        @nobara-baseos-multilib   
mesa-dri-drivers.x86_64                                  22.3.1-1.fc36                        @nobara-baseos            
mesa-filesystem.i686                                     22.3.1-1.fc36                        @nobara-baseos-multilib   
mesa-filesystem.x86_64                                   22.3.1-1.fc36                        @nobara-baseos            
mesa-libEGL.i686                                         22.3.1-1.fc36                        @nobara-baseos-multilib   
mesa-libEGL.x86_64                                       22.3.1-1.fc36                        @nobara-baseos            
mesa-libEGL-devel.x86_64                                 22.3.1-1.fc36                        @nobara-baseos            
mesa-libGL.i686                                          22.3.1-1.fc36                        @nobara-baseos-multilib   
mesa-libGL.x86_64                                        22.3.1-1.fc36                        @nobara-baseos            
mesa-libGLU.i686                                         9.0.2-0.1.20220827.gitcbbff88.fc36   @nobara-baseos-multilib   
mesa-libGLU.x86_64                                       9.0.2-0.1.20220827.gitcbbff88.fc36   @nobara-baseos            
mesa-libOSMesa.i686                                      22.3.1-1.fc36                        @nobara-baseos-multilib   
mesa-libOSMesa.x86_64                                    22.3.1-1.fc36                        @nobara-baseos            
mesa-libgbm.i686                                         22.3.1-1.fc36                        @nobara-baseos-multilib   
mesa-libgbm.x86_64                                       22.3.1-1.fc36                        @nobara-baseos            
mesa-libglapi.i686                                       22.3.1-1.fc36                        @nobara-baseos-multilib   
mesa-libglapi.x86_64                                     22.3.1-1.fc36                        @nobara-baseos            
mesa-libxatracker.x86_64                                 22.3.1-1.fc36                        @nobara-baseos            
mesa-vulkan-drivers.i686                                 22.4.0-git.20221226.bb4aa8a.fc36     @nobara-baseos-multilib   
mesa-vulkan-drivers.x86_64                               22.4.0-git.20221226.bb4aa8a.fc36     @nobara-baseos            
microcode_ctl.x86_64                                     2:2.1-51.1.fc36                      @fedora-updates           
minizip-compat.x86_64                                    1.2.11-33.fc36                       @updates                  
mjpegtools-libs.i686                                     2.2.1-2.fc36                         @rpmfusion-free           
mjpegtools-libs.x86_64                                   2.2.1-2.fc36                         @rpmfusion-free           
mkfontscale.x86_64                                       1.2.1-4.fc36                         @anaconda                 
mkpasswd.x86_64                                          5.5.15-1.fc36                        @updates                  
mobile-broadband-provider-info.noarch                    20210805-2.fc36                      @anaconda                 
mock.noarch                                              3.5-1.fc36                           @updates                  
mock-core-configs.noarch                                 37.9-1.fc36                          @updates                  
mock-filesystem.noarch                                   3.5-1.fc36                           @updates                  
mod_dnssd.x86_64                                         0.6-26.fc36                          @anaconda                 
mod_http2.x86_64                                         2.0.9-1.fc36                         @updates                  
mod_lua.x86_64                                           2.4.54-3.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
mokutil.x86_64                                           2:0.6.0-3.fc36                       @fedora-updates           
mozilla-filesystem.x86_64                                1.9-28.fc36                          @anaconda                 
mozilla-openh264.x86_64                                  2.3.1-1.fc36                         @fedora-cisco-openh264    
mozjs91.x86_64                                           91.13.0-1.fc36                       @fedora-updates           
mpage.x86_64                                             2.5.7-13.fc36                        @anaconda                 
mpdecimal.x86_64                                         2.5.1-3.fc36                         @anaconda                 
mpfr.x86_64                                              4.1.0-9.fc36                         @anaconda                 
mpg123-libs.i686                                         1.31.2-1.fc36                        @updates                  
mpg123-libs.x86_64                                       1.31.2-1.fc36                        @updates                  
mscore-bc-fonts.noarch                                   3.6.2-13.fc36                        @updates                  
mscore-edwin-fonts.noarch                                3.6.2-13.fc36                        @updates                  
mscore-fonts.noarch                                      3.6.2-13.fc36                        @updates                  
mscore-fonts-all.noarch                                  3.6.2-13.fc36                        @updates                  
mscore-gootville-fonts.noarch                            3.6.2-13.fc36                        @updates                  
mscore-leland-fonts.noarch                               3.6.2-13.fc36                        @updates                  
mscore-mscoretab-fonts.noarch                            3.6.2-13.fc36                        @updates                  
mscore-mscoretext-fonts.noarch                           3.6.2-13.fc36                        @updates                  
mscore-musejazz-fonts.noarch                             3.6.2-13.fc36                        @updates                  
msgpack.x86_64                                           3.1.0-9.fc36                         @fedora                   
mtdev.x86_64                                             1.1.6-3.fc36                         @anaconda                 
mtools.x86_64                                            4.0.42-1.fc36                        @updates                  
mtr.x86_64                                               2:0.95-2.fc36                        @anaconda                 
mutter.x86_64                                            42.6-1.fc36                          @nobara-baseos            
mysql-selinux.noarch                                     1.0.5-1.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
nano.x86_64                                              6.0-2.fc36                           @anaconda                 
nano-default-editor.noarch                               6.0-2.fc36                           @anaconda                 
nautilus.x86_64                                          42.2-9.fc36                          @nobara-baseos            
nautilus-extensions.x86_64                               42.2-9.fc36                          @nobara-baseos            
ncurses.x86_64                                           6.2-9.20210508.fc36                  @anaconda                 
ncurses-base.noarch                                      6.2-9.20210508.fc36                  @anaconda                 
ncurses-c++-libs.x86_64                                  6.2-9.20210508.fc36                  @fedora                   
ncurses-compat-libs.x86_64                               6.2-9.20210508.fc36                  @fedora                   
ncurses-devel.x86_64                                     6.2-9.20210508.fc36                  @fedora                   
ncurses-libs.i686                                        6.2-9.20210508.fc36                  @anaconda                 
ncurses-libs.x86_64                                      6.2-9.20210508.fc36                  @anaconda                 
ndctl.x86_64                                             75-1.fc36                            @updates                  
ndctl-libs.x86_64                                        75-1.fc36                            @updates                  
neofetch.noarch                                          7.1.0-9.fc36                         @nobara-baseos            
neovim.x86_64                                            0.8.2-1.fc36                         @updates                  
net-snmp-libs.x86_64                                     1:5.9.3-1.fc36                       @fedora-updates           
net-tools.x86_64                                         2.0-0.62.20160912git.fc36            @updates                  
netavark.x86_64                                          1.4.0-1.fc36                         @updates                  
netcat.x86_64                                            1.219-2.fc36                         @updates                  
nethack.x86_64                                           3.6.6-8.fc36                         @updates                  
nethack-bitmap-fonts.noarch                              3.6.6-8.fc36                         @updates                  
nethack-bitmap-fonts-core.noarch                         3.6.6-8.fc36                         @updates                  
netpbm.x86_64                                            11.00.00-1.fc36                      @updates                  
nettle.i686                                              3.8-1.fc36                           @fedora-updates           
nettle.x86_64                                            3.8-1.fc36                           @fedora-updates           
newt.x86_64                                              0.52.21-12.fc36                      @anaconda                 
nfs-utils.x86_64                                         1:2.6.2-0.fc36                       @updates                  
nftables.x86_64                                          1:1.0.1-3.fc36                       @anaconda                 
nim-srpm-macros.noarch                                   3-6.fc36                             @anaconda                 
nm-connection-editor.x86_64                              1.26.0-2.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
nmap.x86_64                                              3:7.93-1.fc36                        @updates                  
nmap-ncat.x86_64                                         3:7.93-1.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
nobara-amdgpu-config.x86_64                              2.0-0.fc36                           @nobara-baseos            
nobara-bookmarks.noarch                                  36-2.fc36                            @nobara-baseos            
nobara-controller-config.noarch                          1.0-2.fc36                           @nobara-baseos            
nobara-gnome-layouts.noarch                              1.0-6.fc36                           @nobara-baseos            
nobara-gpg-keys.noarch                                   36-22                                @nobara-baseos            
nobara-login.noarch                                      1.0-72.fc36                          @nobara-baseos            
nobara-login-config.noarch                               1.0-1.fc36                           @nobara-baseos            
nobara-login-sysctl.noarch                               1.0-72.fc36                          @nobara-baseos            
nobara-logos.noarch                                      36.0.0-14.fc36                       @nobara-baseos            
nobara-logos-httpd.noarch                                36.0.0-14.fc36                       @nobara-baseos            
nobara-release-common.noarch                             36-24                                @nobara-baseos            
nobara-release-identity-workstation.noarch               36-24                                @nobara-baseos            
nobara-release-workstation.noarch                        36-24                                @nobara-baseos            
nobara-repos.noarch                                      36-22                                @nobara-baseos            
nobara-welcome.noarch                                    1.6.23-2.fc36                        @nobara-baseos            
npth.x86_64                                              1.6-8.fc36                           @anaconda                 
nspr.i686                                                4.35.0-3.fc36                        @updates                  
nspr.x86_64                                              4.35.0-3.fc36                        @updates                  
nss.i686                                                 3.87.0-1.fc36                        @updates                  
nss.x86_64                                               3.87.0-1.fc36                        @updates                  
nss-mdns.i686                                            0.15.1-5.fc36                        @anaconda                 
nss-mdns.x86_64                                          0.15.1-5.fc36                        @anaconda                 
nss-softokn.i686                                         3.87.0-1.fc36                        @updates                  
nss-softokn.x86_64                                       3.87.0-1.fc36                        @updates                  
nss-softokn-freebl.i686                                  3.87.0-1.fc36                        @updates                  
nss-softokn-freebl.x86_64                                3.87.0-1.fc36                        @updates                  
nss-sysinit.x86_64                                       3.87.0-1.fc36                        @updates                  
nss-util.i686                                            3.87.0-1.fc36                        @updates                  
nss-util.x86_64                                          3.87.0-1.fc36                        @updates                  
ntfs-3g.x86_64                                           2:2022.10.3-1.fc36                   @updates                  
ntfs-3g-libs.x86_64                                      2:2022.10.3-1.fc36                   @updates                  
ntfs-3g-system-compression.x86_64                        1.0-9.fc36                           @fedora-updates           
ntfsprogs.x86_64                                         2:2022.10.3-1.fc36                   @updates                  
numactl.x86_64                                           2.0.14-5.fc36                        @anaconda                 
numactl-libs.i686                                        2.0.14-5.fc36                        @fedora                   
numactl-libs.x86_64                                      2.0.14-5.fc36                        @anaconda                 
numad.x86_64                                             0.5-36.20150602git.fc36              @fedora                   
nvidia-gpu-firmware.noarch                               20221214-142.fc36                    @nobara-baseos            
nvidia-vaapi-driver.x86_64                               0.0.7-2.fc36                         @rpmfusion-nonfree-updates
nvme-cli.x86_64                                          2.0-2.fc36                           @fedora-updates           
ocaml-srpm-macros.noarch                                 6-6.fc36                             @anaconda                 
ocl-icd.i686                                             2.3.1-1.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
ocl-icd.x86_64                                           2.3.1-1.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
oniguruma.x86_64                                         6.9.8-1.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
onlyoffice-desktopeditors.x86_64                         7.3.0-184.el7                        @nobara-onlyoffice        
open-sans-fonts.noarch                                   1.10-16.fc36                         @fedora                   
open-vm-tools.x86_64                                     12.1.5-2.fc36                        @updates                  
open-vm-tools-desktop.x86_64                             12.1.5-2.fc36                        @updates                  
openal-soft.x86_64                                       1.21.1-2.fc36                        @anaconda                 
openblas.x86_64                                          0.3.19-3.fc36                        @anaconda                 
openblas-openmp.x86_64                                   0.3.19-3.fc36                        @anaconda                 
openblas-srpm-macros.noarch                              2-11.fc36                            @anaconda                 
openconnect.x86_64                                       9.01-3.fc36                          @fedora-updates           
opencore-amr.i686                                        0.1.6-3.fc36                         @updates                  
opencore-amr.x86_64                                      0.1.6-3.fc36                         @updates                  
openexr-libs.x86_64                                      3.1.5-1.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
openh264.x86_64                                          2.3.1-1.fc36                         @fedora-cisco-openh264    
openjpeg2.i686                                           2.4.0-10.fc36                        @updates                  
openjpeg2.x86_64                                         2.4.0-10.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
openldap.i686                                            2.6.3-1.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
openldap.x86_64                                          2.6.3-1.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
openldap-compat.x86_64                                   2.6.3-1.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
openpgm.x86_64                                           5.2.122-28.fc36                      @fedora                   
openrgb.x86_64                                           0.8-1.fc36                           @nobara-baseos            
openrgb-udev-rules.noarch                                0.8-1.fc36                           @nobara-baseos            
opensc.x86_64                                            0.22.0-6.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
openssh.x86_64                                           8.8p1-1.fc36.1                       @anaconda                 
openssh-clients.x86_64                                   8.8p1-1.fc36.1                       @anaconda                 
openssh-server.x86_64                                    8.8p1-1.fc36.1                       @anaconda                 
openssl.x86_64                                           1:3.0.5-2.fc36                       @updates                  
openssl-devel.x86_64                                     1:3.0.5-2.fc36                       @updates                  
openssl-libs.i686                                        1:3.0.5-2.fc36                       @updates                  
openssl-libs.x86_64                                      1:3.0.5-2.fc36                       @updates                  
openssl-pkcs11.i686                                      0.4.12-2.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
openssl-pkcs11.x86_64                                    0.4.12-2.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
openvpn.x86_64                                           2.5.8-1.fc36                         @updates                  
opus.i686                                                1.3.1-10.fc36                        @anaconda                 
opus.x86_64                                              1.3.1-10.fc36                        @anaconda                 
orc.i686                                                 0.4.31-7.fc36                        @anaconda                 
orc.x86_64                                               0.4.31-7.fc36                        @anaconda                 
orca.noarch                                              42.3-1.fc36                          @fedora-updates           
os-prober.x86_64                                         1.77-9.fc36                          @anaconda                 
osinfo-db.noarch                                         20221130-1.fc36                      @updates                  
osinfo-db-tools.x86_64                                   1.10.0-1.fc36                        @anaconda                 
ostree.x86_64                                            2022.5-2.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
ostree-libs.x86_64                                       2022.5-2.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
p11-kit.i686                                             0.24.1-2.fc36                        @anaconda                 
p11-kit.x86_64                                           0.24.1-2.fc36                        @anaconda                 
p11-kit-server.x86_64                                    0.24.1-2.fc36                        @anaconda                 
p11-kit-trust.x86_64                                     0.24.1-2.fc36                        @anaconda                 
package-notes-srpm-macros.noarch                         0.4-14.fc36                          @anaconda                 
paktype-naskh-basic-fonts.noarch                         6.0-3.fc36                           @anaconda                 
pam.x86_64                                               1.5.2-13.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
pam-libs.x86_64                                          1.5.2-13.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
pam_afs_session.x86_64                                   2.6-16.fc36                          @anaconda                 
pam_passwdqc.x86_64                                      2.0.2-3.fc36                         @anaconda                 
pango.i686                                               1.50.9-1.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
pango.x86_64                                             1.50.9-1.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
pangomm.x86_64                                           2.46.2-2.fc36                        @anaconda                 
papirus-icon-theme.noarch                                20230104-1.fc36                      @updates                  
paps.x86_64                                              0.7.1-4.fc36                         @anaconda                 
parted.x86_64                                            3.4-13.fc36                          @fedora-updates           
passwd.x86_64                                            0.80-12.fc36                         @anaconda                 
passwdqc.x86_64                                          2.0.2-3.fc36                         @anaconda                 
passwdqc-utils.x86_64                                    2.0.2-3.fc36                         @anaconda                 
patch.x86_64                                             2.7.6-16.fc36                        @anaconda                 
pavucontrol.x86_64                                       5.0-6.fc36                           @anaconda                 
pcaudiolib.x86_64                                        1.1-9.fc36                           @anaconda                 
pciutils.x86_64                                          3.7.0-6.fc36                         @nobara-baseos            
pciutils-libs.x86_64                                     3.7.0-6.fc36                         @nobara-baseos            
pcre.i686                                                8.45-1.fc36.1                        @anaconda                 
pcre.x86_64                                              8.45-1.fc36.1                        @anaconda                 
pcre-cpp.x86_64                                          8.45-1.fc36.1                        @anaconda                 
pcre-devel.x86_64                                        8.45-1.fc36.1                        @anaconda                 
pcre-utf16.x86_64                                        8.45-1.fc36.1                        @anaconda                 
pcre-utf32.x86_64                                        8.45-1.fc36.1                        @anaconda                 
pcre2.i686                                               10.40-1.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
pcre2.x86_64                                             10.40-1.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
pcre2-devel.x86_64                                       10.40-1.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
pcre2-syntax.noarch                                      10.40-1.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
pcre2-utf16.x86_64                                       10.40-1.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
pcre2-utf32.x86_64                                       10.40-1.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
pcsc-lite.x86_64                                         1.9.8-1.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
pcsc-lite-ccid.x86_64                                    1.5.0-1.fc36                         @anaconda                 
pcsc-lite-libs.x86_64                                    1.9.8-1.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
perl-AutoLoader.noarch                                   5.74-486.fc36                        @anaconda                 
perl-B.x86_64                                            1.82-486.fc36                        @anaconda                 
perl-Carp.noarch                                         1.52-479.fc36                        @anaconda                 
perl-Class-Inspector.noarch                              1.36-9.fc36                          @fedora                   
perl-Class-Struct.noarch                                 0.66-486.fc36                        @anaconda                 
perl-Compress-Raw-Bzip2.x86_64                           2.101-480.fc36                       @anaconda                 
perl-Compress-Raw-Zlib.x86_64                            2.101-481.fc36                       @fedora-updates           
perl-Cpanel-JSON-XS.x86_64                               4.27-2.fc36                          @anaconda                 
perl-DBD-MariaDB.x86_64                                  1.22-1.fc36                          @fedora-updates           
perl-DBI.x86_64                                          1.643-11.fc36                        @anaconda                 
perl-Data-Dumper.x86_64                                  2.183-3.fc36                         @anaconda                 
perl-Digest.noarch                                       1.20-2.fc36                          @anaconda                 
perl-Digest-MD5.x86_64                                   2.58-479.fc36                        @anaconda                 
perl-DynaLoader.x86_64                                   1.50-486.fc36                        @anaconda                 
perl-Encode.x86_64                                       4:3.17-485.fc36                      @fedora-updates           
perl-Errno.x86_64                                        1.33-486.fc36                        @anaconda                 
perl-Error.noarch                                        1:0.17029-8.fc36                     @anaconda                 
perl-Exporter.noarch                                     5.76-480.fc36                        @anaconda                 
perl-Exporter-Tiny.noarch                                1.006000-1.fc36                      @updates                  
perl-Fcntl.x86_64                                        1.14-486.fc36                        @anaconda                 
perl-File-Basename.noarch                                2.85-486.fc36                        @anaconda                 
perl-File-Compare.noarch                                 1.100.600-486.fc36                   @fedora                   
perl-File-Copy.noarch                                    2.35-486.fc36                        @anaconda                 
perl-File-Find.noarch                                    1.39-486.fc36                        @anaconda                 
perl-File-Path.noarch                                    2.18-479.fc36                        @anaconda                 
perl-File-ShareDir.noarch                                1.118-5.fc36                         @fedora                   
perl-File-Temp.noarch                                    1:0.231.100-479.fc36                 @anaconda                 
perl-File-stat.noarch                                    1.09-486.fc36                        @anaconda                 
perl-FileHandle.noarch                                   2.03-486.fc36                        @anaconda                 
perl-Getopt-Long.noarch                                  1:2.54-1.fc36                        @updates                  
perl-Getopt-Std.noarch                                   1.13-486.fc36                        @anaconda                 
perl-Git.noarch                                          2.39.1-1.fc36                        @updates                  
perl-HTTP-Tiny.noarch                                    0.082-1.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
perl-I18N-Langinfo.x86_64                                0.19-486.fc36                        @fedora                   
perl-IO.x86_64                                           1.46-486.fc36                        @anaconda                 
perl-IO-Compress.noarch                                  2.102-481.fc36                       @fedora-updates           
perl-IO-Socket-IP.noarch                                 0.41-480.fc36                        @anaconda                 
perl-IO-Socket-SSL.noarch                                2.074-2.fc36                         @anaconda                 
perl-IPC-Open3.noarch                                    1.21-486.fc36                        @anaconda                 
perl-JSON-XS.x86_64                                      1:4.03-6.fc36                        @anaconda                 
perl-Lexical-SealRequireHints.x86_64                     0.011-18.fc36                        @fedora                   
perl-Lexical-Var.x86_64                                  0.009-28.fc36                        @fedora                   
perl-List-MoreUtils.noarch                               0.430-5.fc36                         @fedora                   
perl-List-MoreUtils-XS.x86_64                            0.430-5.fc36                         @fedora                   
perl-MIME-Base64.x86_64                                  3.16-479.fc36                        @anaconda                 
perl-Math-BigInt.noarch                                  1:1.9998.30-1.fc36                   @fedora-updates           
perl-Math-Complex.noarch                                 1.59-486.fc36                        @anaconda                 
perl-Mozilla-CA.noarch                                   20211001-2.fc36                      @anaconda                 
perl-NDBM_File.x86_64                                    1.15-486.fc36                        @anaconda                 
perl-NKF.x86_64                                          1:2.1.4-23.fc36                      @anaconda                 
perl-Net-SSLeay.x86_64                                   1.92-2.fc36                          @anaconda                 
perl-POSIX.x86_64                                        1.97-486.fc36                        @anaconda                 
perl-Params-Util.x86_64                                  1.102-6.fc36                         @fedora                   
perl-PathTools.x86_64                                    3.80-479.fc36                        @anaconda                 
perl-Pod-Escapes.noarch                                  1:1.07-479.fc36                      @anaconda                 
perl-Pod-Perldoc.noarch                                  3.28.01-480.fc36                     @anaconda                 
perl-Pod-Simple.noarch                                   1:3.43-3.fc36                        @anaconda                 
perl-Pod-Usage.noarch                                    4:2.01-479.fc36                      @anaconda                 
perl-Scalar-List-Utils.x86_64                            5:1.63-489.fc36                      @fedora-updates           
perl-SelectSaver.noarch                                  1.02-486.fc36                        @anaconda                 
perl-Socket.x86_64                                       4:2.036-1.fc36                       @fedora-updates           
perl-Storable.x86_64                                     1:3.25-2.fc36                        @anaconda                 
perl-Symbol.noarch                                       1.09-486.fc36                        @anaconda                 
perl-Sys-Guestfs.x86_64                                  1:1.48.6-1.fc36                      @updates                  
perl-Sys-Hostname.x86_64                                 1.23-486.fc36                        @anaconda                 
perl-Term-ANSIColor.noarch                               5.01-480.fc36                        @anaconda                 
perl-Term-Cap.noarch                                     1.17-479.fc36                        @anaconda                 
perl-TermReadKey.x86_64                                  2.38-12.fc36                         @anaconda                 
perl-Text-ParseWords.noarch                              3.31-1.fc36                          @fedora-updates           
perl-Text-Tabs+Wrap.noarch                               2021.0814-2.fc36                     @anaconda                 
perl-Thread-Queue.noarch                                 3.14-479.fc36                        @fedora                   
perl-Time-Local.noarch                                   2:1.300-479.fc36                     @anaconda                 
perl-Types-Serialiser.noarch                             1.01-5.fc36                          @anaconda                 
perl-URI.noarch                                          5.10-1.fc36                          @anaconda                 
perl-XML-Dumper.noarch                                   0.81-43.fc36                         @anaconda                 
perl-XML-Parser.x86_64                                   2.46-10.fc36                         @anaconda                 
perl-base.noarch                                         2.27-486.fc36                        @anaconda                 
perl-common-sense.x86_64                                 3.7.5-8.fc36                         @anaconda                 
perl-constant.noarch                                     1.33-480.fc36                        @anaconda                 
perl-hivex.x86_64                                        1.3.21-6.fc36                        @fedora                   
perl-if.noarch                                           0.60.900-486.fc36                    @anaconda                 
perl-interpreter.x86_64                                  4:5.34.1-486.fc36                    @anaconda                 
perl-lib.x86_64                                          0.65-486.fc36                        @anaconda                 
perl-libintl-perl.x86_64                                 1.32-5.fc36                          @fedora                   
perl-libnet.noarch                                       3.13-480.fc36                        @anaconda                 
perl-libs.x86_64                                         4:5.34.1-486.fc36                    @anaconda                 
perl-locale.noarch                                       1.10-486.fc36                        @fedora                   
perl-mro.x86_64                                          1.25-486.fc36                        @anaconda                 
perl-overload.noarch                                     1.33-486.fc36                        @anaconda                 
perl-overloading.noarch                                  0.02-486.fc36                        @anaconda                 
perl-parent.noarch                                       1:0.238-479.fc36                     @anaconda                 
perl-podlators.noarch                                    1:4.14-479.fc36                      @anaconda                 
perl-srpm-macros.noarch                                  1-43.fc36                            @anaconda                 
perl-subs.noarch                                         1.04-486.fc36                        @anaconda                 
perl-threads.x86_64                                      1:2.26-449.fc36                      @fedora                   
perl-threads-shared.x86_64                               1.62-479.fc36                        @fedora                   
perl-vars.noarch                                         1.05-486.fc36                        @anaconda                 
pigz.x86_64                                              2.7-1.fc36                           @fedora-updates           
pinentry.x86_64                                          1.2.0-2.fc36                         @anaconda                 
pinentry-gnome3.x86_64                                   1.2.0-2.fc36                         @anaconda                 
pinfo.x86_64                                             0.6.10-29.fc36                       @anaconda                 
pipewire.i686                                            0.3.64-2.fc36                        @updates                  
pipewire.x86_64                                          0.3.64-2.fc36                        @updates                  
pipewire-alsa.i686                                       0.3.64-2.fc36                        @updates                  
pipewire-alsa.x86_64                                     0.3.64-2.fc36                        @updates                  
pipewire-gstreamer.x86_64                                0.3.64-2.fc36                        @updates                  
pipewire-jack-audio-connection-kit.x86_64                0.3.64-2.fc36                        @updates                  
pipewire-libs.i686                                       0.3.64-2.fc36                        @updates                  
pipewire-libs.x86_64                                     0.3.64-2.fc36                        @updates                  
pipewire-pulseaudio.x86_64                               0.3.64-2.fc36                        @updates                  
pipewire-utils.x86_64                                    0.3.64-2.fc36                        @updates                  
pixman.i686                                              0.40.0-5.fc36                        @anaconda                 
pixman.x86_64                                            0.40.0-5.fc36                        @anaconda                 
pkcs11-helper.x86_64                                     1.29.0-1.fc36                        @anaconda                 
pkgconf.x86_64                                           1.8.0-2.fc36                         @anaconda                 
pkgconf-m4.noarch                                        1.8.0-2.fc36                         @anaconda                 
pkgconf-pkg-config.x86_64                                1.8.0-2.fc36                         @anaconda                 
plocate.x86_64                                           1.1.16-2.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
plymouth.x86_64                                          22.02.122-1.fc36                     @anaconda                 
plymouth-core-libs.x86_64                                22.02.122-1.fc36                     @anaconda                 
plymouth-graphics-libs.x86_64                            22.02.122-1.fc36                     @anaconda                 
plymouth-plugin-label.x86_64                             22.02.122-1.fc36                     @anaconda                 
plymouth-plugin-two-step.x86_64                          22.02.122-1.fc36                     @anaconda                 
plymouth-scripts.x86_64                                  22.02.122-1.fc36                     @anaconda                 
plymouth-system-theme.x86_64                             22.02.122-1.fc36                     @anaconda                 
plymouth-theme-spinner.x86_64                            22.02.122-1.fc36                     @anaconda                 
podman.x86_64                                            4:4.3.1-1.fc36                       @updates                  
podman-gvproxy.x86_64                                    4:4.3.1-1.fc36                       @updates                  
pokerth.x86_64                                           1.1.2-21.fc36                        @fedora                   
policycoreutils.x86_64                                   3.3-4.fc36                           @anaconda                 
policycoreutils-python-utils.noarch                      3.3-4.fc36                           @anaconda                 
polkit.x86_64                                            0.120-5.fc36                         @anaconda                 
polkit-libs.x86_64                                       0.120-5.fc36                         @anaconda                 
polkit-pkla-compat.x86_64                                0.1-21.fc36                          @anaconda                 
poppler.x86_64                                           22.01.0-6.fc36                       @fedora-updates           
poppler-cpp.x86_64                                       22.01.0-6.fc36                       @fedora-updates           
poppler-data.noarch                                      0.4.11-2.fc36                        @anaconda                 
poppler-glib.x86_64                                      22.01.0-6.fc36                       @fedora-updates           
poppler-utils.x86_64                                     22.01.0-6.fc36                       @fedora-updates           
popt.x86_64                                              1.18-7.fc36                          @anaconda                 
potrace.x86_64                                           1.16-7.fc36                          @anaconda                 
ppp.x86_64                                               2.4.9-7.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
pptp.x86_64                                              1.10.0-14.fc36                       @anaconda                 
procps-ng.x86_64                                         3.3.17-4.fc36.1                      @updates                  
protobuf.x86_64                                          3.19.4-6.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
protobuf-c.x86_64                                        1.4.1-2.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
protonup-qt.x86_64                                       2.7.6-3.fc36                         @nobara-baseos            
psacct.x86_64                                            6.6.4-12.fc36                        @anaconda                 
psmisc.x86_64                                            23.4-3.fc36                          @anaconda                 
publicsuffix-list-dafsa.noarch                           20210518-4.fc36                      @anaconda                 
pulsar.x86_64                                            1.63.2022120804-1                    @@commandline             
pulseaudio-libs.i686                                     15.0-5.fc36                          @anaconda                 
pulseaudio-libs.x86_64                                   15.0-5.fc36                          @anaconda                 
pulseaudio-libs-glib2.x86_64                             15.0-5.fc36                          @anaconda                 
pulseaudio-utils.x86_64                                  15.0-5.fc36                          @anaconda                 
putty.x86_64                                             0.78-1.fc36                          @updates                  
python-pip-wheel.noarch                                  21.3.1-4.fc36                        @updates                  
python-qt5-rpm-macros.noarch                             5.15.6-9.fc36                        @updates                  
python-setuptools-wheel.noarch                           59.6.0-3.fc36                        @updates                  
python-srpm-macros.noarch                                3.10-20.fc36                         @updates                  
python-systemd-doc.x86_64                                234-20.fc36                          @anaconda                 
python-unversioned-command.noarch                        3.10.9-1.fc36                        @updates                  
python3.x86_64                                           3.10.9-1.fc36                        @updates                  
python3-GitPython.noarch                                 3.1.30-1.fc36                        @updates                  
python3-LibAppArmor.x86_64                               3.1.2-0.3.fc36                       @nobara-baseos            
python3-abrt.x86_64                                      2.15.1-1.fc36                        @anaconda                 
python3-abrt-addon.noarch                                2.15.1-1.fc36                        @anaconda                 
python3-apparmor.noarch                                  3.1.2-0.3.fc36                       @nobara-baseos            
python3-appdirs.noarch                                   1.4.4-5.fc36                         @anaconda                 
python3-argcomplete.noarch                               2.0.0-2.fc36                         @anaconda                 
python3-astroid.noarch                                   2.11.6-1.fc36                        @updates                  
python3-asttokens.noarch                                 2.0.5-3.fc36                         @fedora                   
python3-audit.x86_64                                     3.0.9-1.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
python3-augeas.noarch                                    1.1.0-4.fc36                         @anaconda                 
python3-authlib.noarch                                   1.1.0-1.fc36                         @updates                  
python3-babel.noarch                                     2.9.1-5.fc36                         @anaconda                 
python3-bcrypt.x86_64                                    3.2.2-1.fc36                         @updates                  
python3-beaker.noarch                                    1.10.0-13.fc36                       @anaconda                 
python3-beautifulsoup4.noarch                            4.11.1-1.fc36                        @updates                  
python3-blivet.noarch                                    1:3.4.4-1.fc36                       @fedora-updates           
python3-blockdev.x86_64                                  2.28-2.fc36                          @fedora-updates           
python3-boto3.noarch                                     1.21.33-1.fc36                       @updates                  
python3-botocore.noarch                                  1.24.33-1.fc36                       @updates                  
python3-brlapi.x86_64                                    0.8.4-4.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
python3-bugzilla.noarch                                  3.2.0-2.fc36                         @anaconda                 
python3-bytesize.x86_64                                  2.7-1.fc36                           @fedora-updates           
python3-cachetools.noarch                                5.0.0-2.fc36                         @fedora                   
python3-cairo.x86_64                                     1.21.0-1.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
python3-cccolutils.x86_64                                1.5-20.fc36                          @anaconda                 
python3-cffi.x86_64                                      1.15.0-5.fc36                        @anaconda                 
python3-chardet.noarch                                   4.0.0-17.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
python3-charset-normalizer.noarch                        2.0.11-1.fc36                        @anaconda                 
python3-click.noarch                                     8.0.4-2.fc36                         @anaconda                 
python3-configobj.noarch                                 5.0.6-27.fc36                        @anaconda                 
python3-construct.noarch                                 2.10.68-1.fc36                       @fedora-updates           
python3-crypto.x86_64                                    2.6.1-39.fc36                        @anaconda                 
python3-cryptography.x86_64                              36.0.0-3.fc36                        @anaconda                 
python3-cssselect.noarch                                 0.9.2-20.fc36                        @anaconda                 
python3-cups.x86_64                                      2.0.1-12.fc36                        @anaconda                 
python3-dasbus.noarch                                    1.6-4.fc36                           @anaconda                 
python3-dateutil.noarch                                  1:2.8.1-8.fc36                       @anaconda                 
python3-dbus.x86_64                                      1.2.18-3.fc36                        @anaconda                 
python3-decorator.noarch                                 5.1.1-2.fc36                         @anaconda                 
python3-dill.noarch                                      0.3.4-3.fc36                         @fedora                   
python3-distro.noarch                                    1.6.0-2.fc36                         @anaconda                 
python3-dnf.noarch                                       4.14.0-2.fc36                        @nobara-baseos            
python3-dnf-plugin-system-upgrade.noarch                 4.0.17-1.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
python3-dnf-plugins-core.noarch                          4.3.1-2.fc36                         @nobara-baseos            
python3-dnf-plugins-extras-common.noarch                 4.0.17-1.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
python3-dnfdaemon.noarch                                 0.3.21-0.1.git20220916.fc36          @nobara-baseos            
python3-dns.noarch                                       2.2.0-1.fc36                         @anaconda                 
python3-docutils.noarch                                  0.17.1-2.fc36                        @fedora                   
python3-enchant.noarch                                   3.2.2-2.fc36                         @anaconda                 
python3-evdev.x86_64                                     1.5.0-1.fc36                         @anaconda                 
python3-fedora.noarch                                    1.1.1-5.fc36                         @anaconda                 
python3-file-magic.noarch                                5.41-4.fc36                          @fedora                   
python3-filelock.noarch                                  3.3.1-2.fc36                         @anaconda                 
python3-firewall.noarch                                  1.2.3-1.fc36                         @updates                  
python3-gitdb.noarch                                     4.0.9-2.fc36                         @anaconda                 
python3-gobject.x86_64                                   3.42.1-1.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
python3-gobject-base.x86_64                              3.42.1-1.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
python3-gobject-base-noarch.noarch                       3.42.1-1.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
python3-gpg.x86_64                                       1.17.0-4.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
python3-gssapi.x86_64                                    1.7.2-2.fc36                         @anaconda                 
python3-hawkey.x86_64                                    0.68.0-1.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
python3-humanize.noarch                                  3.13.1-3.fc36                        @anaconda                 
python3-idna.noarch                                      3.3-2.fc36                           @anaconda                 
python3-isort.noarch                                     5.10.1-2.fc36                        @fedora                   
python3-jedi.noarch                                      0.18.1-2.fc36                        @fedora                   
python3-jeepney.noarch                                   0.7.1-2.fc36                         @fedora                   
python3-jinja2.noarch                                    3.0.3-2.fc36                         @anaconda                 
python3-jmespath.noarch                                  1.0.0-2.fc36                         @updates                  
python3-kerberos.x86_64                                  1.3.0-15.fc36                        @fedora                   
python3-kickstart.noarch                                 3.36-1.fc36                          @anaconda                 
python3-kitchen.noarch                                   1.2.6-12.fc36                        @anaconda                 
python3-koji.noarch                                      1.31.1-1.fc36                        @updates                  
python3-langtable.noarch                                 0.0.61-2.fc36                        @updates                  
python3-lazy-object-proxy.x86_64                         1.7.1-2.fc36                         @fedora                   
python3-ldb.x86_64                                       2.5.2-1.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
python3-libcomps.x86_64                                  0.1.18-2.fc36                        @anaconda                 
python3-libdnf.x86_64                                    0.68.0-1.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
python3-libguestfs.x86_64                                1:1.48.6-1.fc36                      @updates                  
python3-libmodulemd.x86_64                               2.14.0-2.fc36                        @anaconda                 
python3-libreport.x86_64                                 2.17.4-1.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
python3-libs.x86_64                                      3.10.9-1.fc36                        @updates                  
python3-libselinux.x86_64                                3.3-4.fc36                           @anaconda                 
python3-libsemanage.x86_64                               3.3-3.fc36                           @anaconda                 
python3-libvirt.x86_64                                   8.0.0-2.fc36                         @fedora                   
python3-libxml2.x86_64                                   2.10.3-2.fc36                        @updates                  
python3-llfuse.x86_64                                    1.4.2-1.fc36                         @updates                  
python3-lockfile.noarch                                  1:0.12.2-5.fc36                      @anaconda                 
python3-louis.noarch                                     3.22.0-1.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
python3-lxml.x86_64                                      4.7.1-3.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
python3-mako.noarch                                      1.1.4-7.fc36                         @anaconda                 
python3-markupsafe.x86_64                                2.1.1-1.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
python3-mccabe.noarch                                    0.6.1-21.fc36                        @fedora                   
python3-meh.noarch                                       0.50-5.fc36                          @anaconda                 
python3-meh-gui.noarch                                   0.50-5.fc36                          @anaconda                 
python3-msgpack.x86_64                                   1.0.3-2.fc36                         @fedora                   
python3-munch.noarch                                     2.5.0-8.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
python3-mypy.noarch                                      0.982-1.fc36                         @updates                  
python3-mypy_extensions.noarch                           0.4.3-8.fc36                         @fedora                   
python3-newt.x86_64                                      0.52.21-12.fc36                      @anaconda                 
python3-nftables.x86_64                                  1:1.0.1-3.fc36                       @anaconda                 
python3-notify2.noarch                                   0.3.1-13.fc36                        @fedora                   
python3-numpy.x86_64                                     1:1.22.0-2.fc36                      @anaconda                 
python3-olefile.noarch                                   0.46-16.fc36                         @anaconda                 
python3-openidc-client.noarch                            0.6.0-16.20220119git0e2ed81.fc36     @fedora-updates           
python3-packaging.noarch                                 21.3-2.fc36                          @anaconda                 
python3-paramiko.noarch                                  2.12.0-1.fc36                        @updates                  
python3-parso.noarch                                     0.8.2^1.da3a748-2.fc36               @fedora                   
python3-paste.noarch                                     3.5.0-6.fc36                         @anaconda                 
python3-peewee.x86_64                                    3.15.4-1.fc36                        @updates                  
python3-pexpect.noarch                                   4.8.0-10.fc36                        @anaconda                 
python3-pid.noarch                                       2.2.3-13.fc36                        @anaconda                 
python3-pillow.x86_64                                    9.1.0-1.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
python3-pip.noarch                                       21.3.1-4.fc36                        @updates                  
python3-platformdirs.noarch                              2.3.0-4.fc36                         @fedora                   
python3-ply.noarch                                       3.11-15.fc36                         @anaconda                 
python3-policycoreutils.noarch                           3.3-4.fc36                           @anaconda                 
python3-productmd.noarch                                 1.33-4.fc36                          @anaconda                 
python3-progressbar2.noarch                              3.53.2-4.fc36                        @anaconda                 
python3-psutil.x86_64                                    5.8.0-13.fc36                        @anaconda                 
python3-ptyprocess.noarch                                0.6.0-15.fc36                        @anaconda                 
python3-pwquality.x86_64                                 1.4.4-7.fc36                         @anaconda                 
python3-pyOpenSSL.noarch                                 21.0.0-2.fc36                        @anaconda                 
python3-pyasn1.noarch                                    0.4.8-8.fc36                         @fedora                   
python3-pyatspi.noarch                                   2.38.2-2.fc36                        @anaconda                 
python3-pybeam.noarch                                    0.7-2.fc36                           @anaconda                 
python3-pycparser.noarch                                 2.20-6.fc36                          @anaconda                 
python3-pycryptodomex.x86_64                             3.16.0-1.fc36                        @updates                  
python3-pycurl.x86_64                                    7.45.1-1.fc36                        @anaconda                 
python3-pygit2.x86_64                                    1.7.1-3.fc36                         @anaconda                 
python3-pylint.noarch                                    2.13.7-1.fc36                        @updates                  
python3-pynacl.x86_64                                    1.4.0-5.fc36                         @fedora                   
python3-pyparsing.noarch                                 2.4.7-10.fc36                        @anaconda                 
python3-pyparted.x86_64                                  1:3.12.0-1.fc36                      @anaconda                 
python3-pyqt5-sip.x86_64                                 12.9.0-3.fc36                        @fedora                   
python3-pyroute2.noarch                                  0.6.12-1.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
python3-pyserial.noarch                                  3.4-13.fc36                          @fedora                   
python3-pysocks.noarch                                   1.7.1-12.fc36                        @anaconda                 
python3-pytz.noarch                                      2022.7.1-1.fc36                      @updates                  
python3-pyudev.noarch                                    0.22.0-8.fc36                        @anaconda                 
python3-pyusb.noarch                                     1.2.1-1.fc36                         @anaconda                 
python3-pyxdg.noarch                                     0.27-4.fc36                          @anaconda                 
python3-pyyaml.x86_64                                    6.0-3.fc36                           @anaconda                 
python3-qt5-base.x86_64                                  5.15.6-9.fc36                        @updates                  
python3-regex.x86_64                                     2022.10.31-1.fc36                    @updates                  
python3-requests.noarch                                  2.27.1-2.fc36                        @anaconda                 
python3-requests-file.noarch                             1.5.1-5.fc36                         @anaconda                 
python3-requests-ftp.noarch                              0.3.1-24.fc36                        @anaconda                 
python3-requests-gssapi.noarch                           1.2.3-4.fc36                         @anaconda                 
python3-requests-kerberos.noarch                         0.12.0-16.fc36                       @fedora                   
python3-rpkg.noarch                                      1.65-3.fc36                          @updates                  
python3-rpm.x86_64                                       4.17.1-3.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
python3-rpmautospec.noarch                               0.3.1-1.fc36                         @updates                  
python3-s3transfer.noarch                                0.5.1-1.fc36                         @fedora                   
python3-samba.x86_64                                     2:4.16.8-1.fc36                      @updates                  
python3-samba-dc.x86_64                                  2:4.16.8-1.fc36                      @updates                  
python3-scour.noarch                                     0.38.2-1.fc36                        @updates                  
python3-secretstorage.noarch                             3.3.1-4.fc36                         @fedora                   
python3-send2trash.noarch                                1.8.0-2.fc36                         @fedora                   
python3-setools.x86_64                                   4.4.0-5.fc36                         @anaconda                 
python3-setproctitle.x86_64                              1.2.2-4.fc36                         @anaconda                 
python3-setuptools.noarch                                59.6.0-3.fc36                        @updates                  
python3-simpleaudio.x86_64                               1.0.4-6.fc36                         @anaconda                 
python3-simpleline.noarch                                1.9.0-2.fc36                         @anaconda                 
python3-six.noarch                                       1.16.0-5.fc36                        @anaconda                 
python3-smmap.noarch                                     5.0.0-1.fc36                         @anaconda                 
python3-soupsieve.noarch                                 2.3.1-3.fc36                         @anaconda                 
python3-speechd.x86_64                                   0.11.4-1.fc36                        @updates                  
python3-steam.noarch                                     1.4.3-1.fc36                         @updates                  
python3-systemd.x86_64                                   234-20.fc36                          @anaconda                 
python3-talloc.x86_64                                    2.3.4-1.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
python3-tdb.x86_64                                       1.4.7-1.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
python3-tempita.noarch                                   0.5.2-2.fc35                         @anaconda                 
python3-templated-dictionary.noarch                      1.1-5.fc36                           @anaconda                 
python3-tevent.x86_64                                    0.12.1-1.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
python3-tkinter.x86_64                                   3.10.9-1.fc36                        @updates                  
python3-tldextract.noarch                                3.4.0-1.fc36                         @updates                  
python3-tomli.noarch                                     1.2.3-1.fc36                         @fedora                   
python3-tomli-w.noarch                                   0.4.0-3.fc36                         @fedora                   
python3-typed_ast.x86_64                                 1.5.4-1.fc36                         @updates                  
python3-typing-extensions.noarch                         3.10.0.2-2.fc36                      @fedora                   
python3-unbound.x86_64                                   1.16.3-2.fc36                        @updates                  
python3-urllib3.noarch                                   1.26.12-1.fc36                       @fedora-updates           
python3-utils.noarch                                     2.5.6-5.fc36                         @anaconda                 
python3-vapoursynth.x86_64                               60-1.fc36                            @nobara-baseos            
python3-vdf.noarch                                       3.4-4.fc36                           @anaconda                 
python3-wrapt.x86_64                                     1.14.0-1.fc36                        @updates                  
python3-xapps-overrides.x86_64                           2.2.8-2.fc36                         @anaconda                 
python3-yubico.noarch                                    1.3.3-8.fc36                         @anaconda                 
python3-zstandard.x86_64                                 0.17.0-1.fc36                        @fedora                   
qbittorrent.x86_64                                       1:4.4.5-1.fc36                       @updates                  
qemu-audio-alsa.x86_64                                   2:6.2.0-17.fc36                      @updates                  
qemu-audio-jack.x86_64                                   2:6.2.0-17.fc36                      @updates                  
qemu-audio-oss.x86_64                                    2:6.2.0-17.fc36                      @updates                  
qemu-audio-pa.x86_64                                     2:6.2.0-17.fc36                      @updates                  
qemu-audio-sdl.x86_64                                    2:6.2.0-17.fc36                      @updates                  
qemu-audio-spice.x86_64                                  2:6.2.0-17.fc36                      @updates                  
qemu-block-curl.x86_64                                   2:6.2.0-17.fc36                      @updates                  
qemu-block-dmg.x86_64                                    2:6.2.0-17.fc36                      @updates                  
qemu-block-gluster.x86_64                                2:6.2.0-17.fc36                      @updates                  
qemu-block-iscsi.x86_64                                  2:6.2.0-17.fc36                      @updates                  
qemu-block-nfs.x86_64                                    2:6.2.0-17.fc36                      @updates                  
qemu-block-rbd.x86_64                                    2:6.2.0-17.fc36                      @updates                  
qemu-block-ssh.x86_64                                    2:6.2.0-17.fc36                      @updates                  
qemu-char-baum.x86_64                                    2:6.2.0-17.fc36                      @updates                  
qemu-char-spice.x86_64                                   2:6.2.0-17.fc36                      @updates                  
qemu-common.x86_64                                       2:6.2.0-17.fc36                      @updates                  
qemu-device-display-qxl.x86_64                           2:6.2.0-17.fc36                      @updates                  
qemu-device-display-vhost-user-gpu.x86_64                2:6.2.0-17.fc36                      @updates                  
qemu-device-display-virtio-gpu.x86_64                    2:6.2.0-17.fc36                      @updates                  
qemu-device-display-virtio-gpu-gl.x86_64                 2:6.2.0-17.fc36                      @updates                  
qemu-device-display-virtio-gpu-pci.x86_64                2:6.2.0-17.fc36                      @updates                  
qemu-device-display-virtio-gpu-pci-gl.x86_64             2:6.2.0-17.fc36                      @updates                  
qemu-device-display-virtio-vga.x86_64                    2:6.2.0-17.fc36                      @updates                  
qemu-device-display-virtio-vga-gl.x86_64                 2:6.2.0-17.fc36                      @updates                  
qemu-device-usb-host.x86_64                              2:6.2.0-17.fc36                      @updates                  
qemu-device-usb-redirect.x86_64                          2:6.2.0-17.fc36                      @updates                  
qemu-device-usb-smartcard.x86_64                         2:6.2.0-17.fc36                      @updates                  
qemu-guest-agent.x86_64                                  2:6.2.0-17.fc36                      @updates                  
qemu-img.x86_64                                          2:6.2.0-17.fc36                      @updates                  
qemu-kvm.x86_64                                          2:6.2.0-17.fc36                      @updates                  
qemu-kvm-core.x86_64                                     2:6.2.0-17.fc36                      @updates                  
qemu-pr-helper.x86_64                                    2:6.2.0-17.fc36                      @updates                  
qemu-system-x86.x86_64                                   2:6.2.0-17.fc36                      @updates                  
qemu-system-x86-core.x86_64                              2:6.2.0-17.fc36                      @updates                  
qemu-ui-curses.x86_64                                    2:6.2.0-17.fc36                      @updates                  
qemu-ui-egl-headless.x86_64                              2:6.2.0-17.fc36                      @updates                  
qemu-ui-gtk.x86_64                                       2:6.2.0-17.fc36                      @updates                  
qemu-ui-opengl.x86_64                                    2:6.2.0-17.fc36                      @updates                  
qemu-ui-sdl.x86_64                                       2:6.2.0-17.fc36                      @updates                  
qemu-ui-spice-app.x86_64                                 2:6.2.0-17.fc36                      @updates                  
qemu-ui-spice-core.x86_64                                2:6.2.0-17.fc36                      @updates                  
qemu-virtiofsd.x86_64                                    2:6.2.0-17.fc36                      @updates                  
qgnomeplatform-qt5.x86_64                                0.9.0-4.fc36                         @updates                  
qgnomeplatform-qt6.x86_64                                0.9.0-4.fc36                         @updates                  
qpdf-libs.x86_64                                         10.6.3-2.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
qrencode-libs.x86_64                                     4.1.1-2.fc36                         @anaconda                 
qt.x86_64                                                1:4.8.7-67.fc36                      @fedora                   
qt-common.noarch                                         1:4.8.7-67.fc36                      @fedora                   
qt-settings.noarch                                       36.1-14.fc36                         @nobara-baseos            
qt-x11.x86_64                                            1:4.8.7-67.fc36                      @fedora                   
qt5-qtbase.x86_64                                        5.15.7-1.fc36                        @updates                  
qt5-qtbase-common.noarch                                 5.15.7-1.fc36                        @updates                  
qt5-qtbase-gui.x86_64                                    5.15.7-1.fc36                        @updates                  
qt5-qtdeclarative.x86_64                                 5.15.7-1.fc36                        @updates                  
qt5-qtstyleplugins.x86_64                                5.0.0-50.fc36                        @updates                  
qt5-qtwayland.x86_64                                     5.15.7-1.fc36                        @updates                  
qt5-qtx11extras.x86_64                                   5.15.7-1.fc36                        @updates                  
qt5-qtxmlpatterns.x86_64                                 5.15.7-1.fc36                        @updates                  
qt5-srpm-macros.noarch                                   5.15.7-1.fc36                        @updates                  
qt5ct.x86_64                                             1.1-13.fc36                          @updates                  
qt5pas.x86_64                                            2.6-2020401.fc36                     @fedora-updates           
qt6-qt5compat.x86_64                                     6.3.1-2.fc36                         @updates                  
qt6-qtbase.x86_64                                        6.3.1-3.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
qt6-qtbase-common.noarch                                 6.3.1-3.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
qt6-qtbase-gui.x86_64                                    6.3.1-3.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
qt6-qtdeclarative.x86_64                                 6.3.1-2.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
qt6-qtimageformats.x86_64                                6.3.1-2.fc36                         @updates                  
qt6-qtsvg.x86_64                                         6.3.1-2.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
qt6-qttools.x86_64                                       6.3.1-2.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
qt6-qttools-common.noarch                                6.3.1-2.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
qt6-qtwayland.x86_64                                     6.3.1-5.fc36                         @updates                  
quota.x86_64                                             1:4.06-7.fc36                        @anaconda                 
quota-nls.noarch                                         1:4.06-7.fc36                        @anaconda                 
rav1e-libs.i686                                          0.5.0-6.fc36                         @anaconda                 
rav1e-libs.x86_64                                        0.5.0-6.fc36                         @anaconda                 
rb_libtorrent.x86_64                                     2.0.8-1.fc36                         @updates                  
readline.i686                                            8.2-2.fc36                           @updates                  
readline.x86_64                                          8.2-2.fc36                           @updates                  
realmd.x86_64                                            0.17.0-9.fc36                        @anaconda                 
redhat-menus.noarch                                      12.0.2-21.fc36                       @anaconda                 
redhat-rpm-config.noarch                                 222-1.fc36                           @fedora-updates           
remmina.x86_64                                           1.4.29-2.fc36                        @updates                  
remmina-plugins-exec.x86_64                              1.4.29-2.fc36                        @updates                  
remmina-plugins-rdp.x86_64                               1.4.29-2.fc36                        @updates                  
remmina-plugins-secret.x86_64                            1.4.29-2.fc36                        @updates                  
remmina-plugins-vnc.x86_64                               1.4.29-2.fc36                        @updates                  
rest.x86_64                                              0.8.1-12.fc36                        @anaconda                 
restic.x86_64                                            0.12.1-4.fc36                        @updates                  
rhythmbox.x86_64                                         3.4.6-1.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
rit-meera-new-fonts.noarch                               1.4.1-1.fc36                         @updates                  
rnnoise.x86_64                                           0-0.5.20210312git7f449bf.fc36        @fedora                   
rocm-core.x86_64                                         5.2.3.50203-copr.fc36                @nobara-baseos            
rocm-device-libs.x86_64                                  5.2.3.50203-copr.fc36                @nobara-baseos            
rocm-hip-runtime.x86_64                                  5.2.3.50203-copr.fc36                @nobara-baseos            
rocm-hip-runtime-devel.x86_64                            5.2.3.50203-copr.fc36                @nobara-baseos            
rocm-language-runtime.x86_64                             5.2.3.50203-copr.fc36                @nobara-baseos            
rocm-llvm.x86_64                                         5.2.3.50203-copr.fc36                @nobara-baseos            
rocm-opencl-runtime.x86_64                               5.2.3.50203-copr.fc36                @nobara-baseos            
rocminfo.x86_64                                          5.2.3.50203-copr.fc36                @nobara-baseos            
rootfiles.noarch                                         8.1-31.fc36                          @anaconda                 
rpcbind.x86_64                                           1.2.6-2.fc36                         @fedora                   
rpkg-common.noarch                                       1.65-3.fc36                          @updates                  
rpm.x86_64                                               4.17.1-3.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
rpm-build.x86_64                                         4.17.1-3.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
rpm-build-libs.x86_64                                    4.17.1-3.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
rpm-libs.x86_64                                          4.17.1-3.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
rpm-plugin-selinux.x86_64                                4.17.1-3.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
rpm-plugin-systemd-inhibit.x86_64                        4.17.1-3.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
rpm-sign-libs.x86_64                                     4.17.1-3.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
rpmautospec-rpm-macros.noarch                            0.3.1-1.fc36                         @updates                  
rpmdevtools.noarch                                       9.6-1.fc36                           @anaconda                 
rpmfusion-free-appstream-data.noarch                     36-4.fc36                            @rpmfusion-free           
rpmfusion-free-release.noarch                            36-5                                 @nobara-appstream         
rpmfusion-nonfree-appstream-data.noarch                  36-3.fc36                            @rpmfusion-nonfree        
rpmfusion-nonfree-release.noarch                         36-10                                @nobara-appstream         
rpmlint.noarch                                           2.4.0-3.fc36                         @updates                  
rpmlint-fedora-license-data.noarch                       1.11-1.fc36                          @updates                  
rsync.x86_64                                             3.2.7-1.fc36                         @updates                  
rtkit.x86_64                                             0.11-30.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
rubberband.x86_64                                        3.1.0-2.fc36                         @updates                  
rust-srpm-macros.noarch                                  23-1.fc36                            @updates                  
rustdesk.x86_64                                          1.1.9-0                              @@commandline             
samba.x86_64                                             2:4.16.8-1.fc36                      @updates                  
samba-client.x86_64                                      2:4.16.8-1.fc36                      @updates                  
samba-client-libs.x86_64                                 2:4.16.8-1.fc36                      @updates                  
samba-common.noarch                                      2:4.16.8-1.fc36                      @updates                  
samba-common-libs.x86_64                                 2:4.16.8-1.fc36                      @updates                  
samba-common-tools.x86_64                                2:4.16.8-1.fc36                      @updates                  
samba-dc-libs.x86_64                                     2:4.16.8-1.fc36                      @updates                  
samba-dcerpc.x86_64                                      2:4.16.8-1.fc36                      @updates                  
samba-libs.x86_64                                        2:4.16.8-1.fc36                      @updates                  
samba-winbind.x86_64                                     2:4.16.8-1.fc36                      @updates                  
samba-winbind-clients.x86_64                             2:4.16.8-1.fc36                      @updates                  
samba-winbind-modules.x86_64                             2:4.16.8-1.fc36                      @updates                  
sane-airscan.x86_64                                      0.99.27-4.fc36                       @anaconda                 
sane-backends.x86_64                                     1.1.1-10.fc36                        @updates                  
sane-backends-drivers-cameras.i686                       1.1.1-10.fc36                        @updates                  
sane-backends-drivers-cameras.x86_64                     1.1.1-10.fc36                        @updates                  
sane-backends-drivers-scanners.i686                      1.1.1-10.fc36                        @updates                  
sane-backends-drivers-scanners.x86_64                    1.1.1-10.fc36                        @updates                  
sane-backends-libs.i686                                  1.1.1-10.fc36                        @updates                  
sane-backends-libs.x86_64                                1.1.1-10.fc36                        @updates                  
satyr.x86_64                                             0.39-4.fc36                          @anaconda                 
scrub.x86_64                                             2.6.1-4.fc36                         @fedora                   
sdl12-compat.x86_64                                      1.2.60-1.fc36                        @updates                  
seabios-bin.noarch                                       1.16.1-2.fc36                        @updates                  
seavgabios-bin.noarch                                    1.16.1-2.fc36                        @updates                  
sed.x86_64                                               4.8-10.fc36                          @anaconda                 
selinux-policy.noarch                                    36.17-1.fc36                         @updates                  
selinux-policy-targeted.noarch                           36.17-1.fc36                         @updates                  
serd.i686                                                0.30.10-4.fc36                       @anaconda                 
serd.x86_64                                              0.30.10-4.fc36                       @anaconda                 
setup.noarch                                             2.13.10-18.fc36                      @nobara-baseos            
setxkbmap.x86_64                                         1.3.2-5.fc36                         @anaconda                 
sg3_utils-libs.x86_64                                    1.46-3.fc36                          @anaconda                 
sgabios-bin.noarch                                       1:0.20180715git-8.fc36               @fedora                   
sgpio.x86_64                                             1.2.0.10-30.fc36                     @anaconda                 
shadow-utils.x86_64                                      2:4.11.1-5.fc36                      @updates                  
shadow-utils-subid.x86_64                                2:4.11.1-5.fc36                      @updates                  
shared-mime-info.x86_64                                  2.1-3.fc35                           @anaconda                 
sheepdog.x86_64                                          1.0.1-17.fc36                        @fedora                   
shim-ia32.x86_64                                         15.6-3                               @nobara-baseos            
shim-x64.x86_64                                          15.6-3                               @nobara-baseos            
sil-mingzat-fonts.noarch                                 1.000-6.fc36                         @anaconda                 
sil-nuosu-fonts.noarch                                   2.200-4.fc36                         @anaconda                 
sil-padauk-fonts.noarch                                  3.003-9.fc36                         @anaconda                 
simple-scan.x86_64                                       42.1-1.fc36                          @fedora-updates           
slang.x86_64                                             2.3.2-11.fc36                        @anaconda                 
slirp4netns.x86_64                                       1.2.0-0.2.beta.0.fc36                @anaconda                 
slurp.x86_64                                             1.4.0-1.fc36                         @updates                  
snappy.x86_64                                            1.1.9-4.fc36                         @anaconda                 
sni-qt.x86_64                                            0.2.7-0.10.20170217.fc36             @fedora                   
sord.i686                                                0.16.8-3.fc36                        @anaconda                 
sord.x86_64                                              0.16.8-3.fc36                        @anaconda                 
sos.noarch                                               4.3-2.fc36                           @anaconda                 
sound-theme-freedesktop.noarch                           0.8-17.fc36                          @anaconda                 
soundtouch.i686                                          2.3.1-2.fc36                         @anaconda                 
soundtouch.x86_64                                        2.3.1-2.fc36                         @anaconda                 
source-highlight.x86_64                                  3.1.9-15.fc36                        @updates                  
soxr.i686                                                0.1.3-11.fc36                        @fedora                   
soxr.x86_64                                              0.1.3-11.fc36                        @anaconda                 
speech-dispatcher.x86_64                                 0.11.4-1.fc36                        @updates                  
speech-dispatcher-espeak-ng.x86_64                       0.11.4-1.fc36                        @updates                  
speex.i686                                               1.2.0-10.fc36                        @anaconda                 
speex.x86_64                                             1.2.0-10.fc36                        @anaconda                 
spice-glib.x86_64                                        0.40-1.fc36                          @fedora                   
spice-gtk3.x86_64                                        0.40-1.fc36                          @fedora                   
spice-server.x86_64                                      0.15.1-1.fc36                        @updates                  
spice-vdagent.x86_64                                     0.22.1-1.fc36                        @anaconda                 
spirv-tools-libs.x86_64                                  2022.1-1.20220202.git45dd184.fc36    @fedora                   
sqlite-libs.i686                                         3.36.0-5.fc36                        @anaconda                 
sqlite-libs.x86_64                                       3.36.0-5.fc36                        @anaconda                 
squashfs-tools.x86_64                                    4.5.1-1.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
sratom.i686                                              0.6.8-2.fc36                         @anaconda                 
sratom.x86_64                                            0.6.8-2.fc36                         @anaconda                 
srt-libs.i686                                            1.4.4-2.fc36                         @fedora                   
srt-libs.x86_64                                          1.4.4-2.fc36                         @fedora                   
sshpass.x86_64                                           1.09-3.fc36                          @anaconda                 
sssd.x86_64                                              2.7.4-1.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
sssd-ad.x86_64                                           2.7.4-1.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
sssd-client.x86_64                                       2.7.4-1.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
sssd-common.x86_64                                       2.7.4-1.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
sssd-common-pac.x86_64                                   2.7.4-1.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
sssd-ipa.x86_64                                          2.7.4-1.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
sssd-kcm.x86_64                                          2.7.4-1.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
sssd-krb5.x86_64                                         2.7.4-1.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
sssd-krb5-common.x86_64                                  2.7.4-1.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
sssd-ldap.x86_64                                         2.7.4-1.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
sssd-nfs-idmap.x86_64                                    2.7.4-1.fc36                         @updates                  
sssd-proxy.x86_64                                        2.7.4-1.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
startup-notification.x86_64                              0.12-23.fc36                         @anaconda                 
steam.i686                                               1.0.0.75-1.fc36                      @rpmfusion-nonfree-updates
steam-devices.i686                                       1.0.0.75-1.fc36                      @rpmfusion-nonfree-updates
stix-fonts.noarch                                        2.0.2-11.fc36                        @anaconda                 
stoken-libs.x86_64                                       0.92-6.fc36                          @anaconda                 
sudo.x86_64                                              1.9.8-5.p2.fc36                      @anaconda                 
sudo-python-plugin.x86_64                                1.9.8-5.p2.fc36                      @anaconda                 
suitesparse.x86_64                                       5.10.1-2.fc36                        @anaconda                 
supergfxctl.x86_64                                       4.0.5-3                              @nobara-baseos            
supermin.x86_64                                          5.3.2-2.fc36                         @updates                  
sushi.x86_64                                             42.0-2.fc36                          @updates                  
svt-av1-libs.x86_64                                      0.9.0-1.fc36                         @anaconda                 
svt-hevc-libs.x86_64                                     1.5.1-3.fc36                         @rpmfusion-free           
switcheroo-control.x86_64                                2.6-1.fc36                           @fedora-updates           
swtpm.x86_64                                             0.7.3-1.20220427gitf2268ee.fc36      @updates                  
swtpm-libs.x86_64                                        0.7.3-1.20220427gitf2268ee.fc36      @updates                  
swtpm-tools.x86_64                                       0.7.3-1.20220427gitf2268ee.fc36      @updates                  
symlinks.x86_64                                          1.7-6.fc36                           @anaconda                 
syslinux.x86_64                                          6.04-0.22.fc36                       @anaconda                 
syslinux-extlinux.x86_64                                 6.04-0.22.fc36                       @anaconda                 
syslinux-extlinux-nonlinux.noarch                        6.04-0.22.fc36                       @anaconda                 
syslinux-nonlinux.noarch                                 6.04-0.22.fc36                       @anaconda                 
sysprof-capture-devel.x86_64                             3.44.0-1.fc36                        @anaconda                 
system-config-language.noarch                            3.5.0-8.fc36                         @anaconda                 
system-config-printer-libs.noarch                        1.5.18-1.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
system-config-printer-udev.x86_64                        1.5.18-1.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
systemd.x86_64                                           250.9-1.fc36                         @updates                  
systemd-container.x86_64                                 250.9-1.fc36                         @updates                  
systemd-libs.i686                                        250.9-1.fc36                         @updates                  
systemd-libs.x86_64                                      250.9-1.fc36                         @updates                  
systemd-networkd.x86_64                                  250.9-1.fc36                         @updates                  
systemd-oomd-defaults.noarch                             250.9-1.fc36                         @updates                  
systemd-pam.x86_64                                       250.9-1.fc36                         @updates                  
systemd-resolved.x86_64                                  250.9-1.fc36                         @updates                  
systemd-rpm-macros.noarch                                250.9-1.fc36                         @updates                  
systemd-udev.x86_64                                      250.9-1.fc36                         @updates                  
taglib.i686                                              1.12-6.fc36                          @anaconda                 
taglib.x86_64                                            1.12-6.fc36                          @anaconda                 
tali.x86_64                                              40.9-1.fc36                          @updates                  
tar.x86_64                                               2:1.34-3.fc36                        @anaconda                 
tbb.x86_64                                               2020.3-9.fc35                        @anaconda                 
tcl.x86_64                                               1:8.6.12-2.fc36                      @anaconda                 
tcp_wrappers-libs.i686                                   7.6-100.fc36                         @anaconda                 
tcp_wrappers-libs.x86_64                                 7.6-100.fc36                         @anaconda                 
tcpdump.x86_64                                           14:4.99.2-1.fc36                     @updates                  
tdb-tools.x86_64                                         1.4.7-1.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
teamd.x86_64                                             1.31-5.fc36                          @anaconda                 
teams.x86_64                                             1.5.00.23861-1                       @teams                    
telegram-desktop.x86_64                                  4.0.2-2.fc36                         @nobara-appstream         
texlive-lib.x86_64                                       9:20210325-47.fc36                   @anaconda                 
text-engine.x86_64                                       0.1.1-1.fc36                         @nobara-baseos            
tftp.x86_64                                              5.2-36.fc36                          @updates                  
thai-scalable-fonts-common.noarch                        0.7.3-2.fc36                         @anaconda                 
thai-scalable-waree-fonts.noarch                         0.7.3-2.fc36                         @anaconda                 
thermald.x86_64                                          2.4.8-4.fc36                         @anaconda                 
thonny.noarch                                            3.3.14-2.fc36                        @fedora                   
thunderbird.x86_64                                       102.6.0-2.fc36                       @updates                  
thunderbird-librnp-rnp.x86_64                            102.6.0-2.fc36                       @updates                  
tigervnc-license.noarch                                  1.12.0-6.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
tigervnc-server-minimal.x86_64                           1.12.0-6.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
time.x86_64                                              1.9-18.fc36                          @anaconda                 
timeshift.x86_64                                         22.11.2-1.fc36                       @updates                  
tinyxml.x86_64                                           2.6.2-24.fc36                        @fedora                   
tk.x86_64                                                1:8.6.12-2.fc36                      @fedora                   
tmux.x86_64                                              3.3a-1.fc36                          @fedora-updates           
torguard.x86_64                                          4.8.13.build.198.2-0                 @@commandline             
totem.x86_64                                             1:42.0-1.fc36                        @anaconda                 
totem-pl-parser.x86_64                                   3.26.6-4.fc36                        @anaconda                 
totem-video-thumbnailer.x86_64                           1:42.0-1.fc36                        @anaconda                 
tpm2-tools.x86_64                                        5.2-2.fc36                           @anaconda                 
tpm2-tss.x86_64                                          3.2.1-1.fc36                         @updates                  
traceroute.x86_64                                        3:2.1.1-1.fc36                       @updates                  
tracker.x86_64                                           3.3.3-1.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
tracker-miners.x86_64                                    3.3.1-1.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
tree.x86_64                                              2.1.0-1.fc36                         @updates                  
tree-sitter-cli.x86_64                                   0.20.7-1.fc36                        @updates                  
trousers.x86_64                                          0.3.15-6.fc36                        @fedora                   
trousers-lib.x86_64                                      0.3.15-6.fc36                        @anaconda                 
tslib.x86_64                                             1.22-5.fc36                          @anaconda                 
ttmkfdir.x86_64                                          3.0.9-65.fc36                        @fedora                   
twolame-libs.i686                                        0.4.0-1.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
twolame-libs.x86_64                                      0.4.0-1.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
tzdata.noarch                                            2022g-1.fc36                         @updates                  
tzdata-java.noarch                                       2022g-1.fc36                         @updates                  
uchardet.x86_64                                          0.0.6-15.fc36                        @anaconda                 
udisks2.x86_64                                           2.9.4-4.fc36                         @anaconda                 
udisks2-iscsi.x86_64                                     2.9.4-4.fc36                         @anaconda                 
unbound-anchor.x86_64                                    1.16.3-2.fc36                        @updates                  
unbound-libs.x86_64                                      1.16.3-2.fc36                        @updates                  
unibilium.x86_64                                         2.1.1-2.fc36                         @fedora                   
unicode-ucd.noarch                                       15.0.0-1.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
unixODBC.i686                                            2.3.9-5.fc36                         @anaconda                 
unixODBC.x86_64                                          2.3.9-5.fc36                         @anaconda                 
unrar.x86_64                                             6.2.1-1.fc36                         @rpmfusion-nonfree-updates
unzip.x86_64                                             6.0-57.fc36                          @anaconda                 
upower.x86_64                                            0.99.20-1.fc36                       @fedora-updates           
uresourced.x86_64                                        0.5.3-1.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
urw-base35-bookman-fonts.noarch                          20200910-11.fc36                     @fedora-updates           
urw-base35-c059-fonts.noarch                             20200910-11.fc36                     @fedora-updates           
urw-base35-d050000l-fonts.noarch                         20200910-11.fc36                     @fedora-updates           
urw-base35-fonts.noarch                                  20200910-11.fc36                     @fedora-updates           
urw-base35-fonts-common.noarch                           20200910-11.fc36                     @fedora-updates           
urw-base35-gothic-fonts.noarch                           20200910-11.fc36                     @fedora-updates           
urw-base35-nimbus-mono-ps-fonts.noarch                   20200910-11.fc36                     @fedora-updates           
urw-base35-nimbus-roman-fonts.noarch                     20200910-11.fc36                     @fedora-updates           
urw-base35-nimbus-sans-fonts.noarch                      20200910-11.fc36                     @fedora-updates           
urw-base35-p052-fonts.noarch                             20200910-11.fc36                     @fedora-updates           
urw-base35-standard-symbols-ps-fonts.noarch              20200910-11.fc36                     @fedora-updates           
urw-base35-z003-fonts.noarch                             20200910-11.fc36                     @fedora-updates           
usb_modeswitch.x86_64                                    2.6.1-4.fc36                         @anaconda                 
usb_modeswitch-data.noarch                               20191128-6.fc36                      @anaconda                 
usbmuxd.x86_64                                           1.1.1-7.fc36                         @anaconda                 
usbredir.x86_64                                          0.12.0-3.fc36                        @updates                  
usbutils.x86_64                                          015-1.fc36                           @updates                  
usermode.x86_64                                          1.114-4.fc36                         @anaconda                 
userspace-rcu.x86_64                                     0.13.0-4.fc36                        @anaconda                 
util-linux.x86_64                                        2.38-1.fc36                          @fedora-updates           
util-linux-core.x86_64                                   2.38-1.fc36                          @fedora-updates           
vamp-plugin-sdk.x86_64                                   2.9.0-5.fc36                         @fedora                   
vapoursynth-libs.x86_64                                  60-1.fc36                            @nobara-baseos            
vapoursynth-tools.x86_64                                 60-1.fc36                            @nobara-baseos            
vid.stab.i686                                            1.1.0-19.20201110gitf9166e9.fc36     @fedora                   
vid.stab.x86_64                                          1.1.0-19.20201110gitf9166e9.fc36     @fedora                   
vim-common.x86_64                                        2:9.0.1182-1.fc36                    @updates                  
vim-data.noarch                                          2:9.0.1182-1.fc36                    @updates                  
vim-enhanced.x86_64                                      2:9.0.1182-1.fc36                    @updates                  
vim-filesystem.noarch                                    2:9.0.1182-1.fc36                    @updates                  
vim-minimal.x86_64                                       2:9.0.1182-1.fc36                    @updates                  
virglrenderer.x86_64                                     0.9.1-3.20210420git36391559.fc36     @fedora                   
virt-install.noarch                                      4.0.0-1.fc36                         @fedora                   
virt-manager.noarch                                      4.0.0-1.fc36                         @fedora                   
virt-manager-common.noarch                               4.0.0-1.fc36                         @fedora                   
virt-top.x86_64                                          1.1.1-3.fc36                         @fedora                   
virt-viewer.x86_64                                       11.0-2.fc36                          @fedora                   
virt-win-reg.noarch                                      1.48.3-1.fc36                        @updates                  
virtualbox-guest-additions.x86_64                        7.0.4-1.fc36                         @updates                  
vkBasalt.i686                                            0.3.2.8-2.fc36                       @nobara-baseos-multilib   
vkBasalt.x86_64                                          0.3.2.8-2.fc36                       @nobara-baseos            
vmaf-models.noarch                                       2.3.0-3.fc36                         @fedora                   
vo-amrwbenc.i686                                         0.1.3-18.fc36                        @updates                  
vo-amrwbenc.x86_64                                       0.1.3-18.fc36                        @updates                  
volume_key-libs.x86_64                                   0.3.12-15.fc36                       @anaconda                 
vorta.noarch                                             0.8.9-1.fc36                         @updates                  
vpnc.x86_64                                              0.5.3-43.svn550.fc36                 @anaconda                 
vpnc-script.noarch                                       20220404-1.git40a8c62c.fc36          @fedora-updates           
vte-profile.x86_64                                       0.68.0-1.fc36                        @anaconda                 
vte291.x86_64                                            0.68.0-1.fc36                        @anaconda                 
vulkan-loader.i686                                       1.3.224-1.fc36                       @nobara-baseos-multilib   
vulkan-loader.x86_64                                     1.3.224-1.fc36                       @nobara-baseos            
vulkan-tools.x86_64                                      1.3.224-1.fc36                       @nobara-baseos            
w3m.x86_64                                               0.5.3-58.git20220429.fc36            @updates                  
w3m-img.x86_64                                           0.5.3-58.git20220429.fc36            @updates                  
wavpack.i686                                             5.5.0-2.fc36                         @updates                  
wavpack.x86_64                                           5.5.0-2.fc36                         @updates                  
web-assets-filesystem.noarch                             5-16.fc36                            @fedora-updates           
webapp-manager.noarch                                    master.mint21-1.fc36                 @nobara-baseos            
webkit2gtk3.x86_64                                       2.38.3-1.fc36                        @updates                  
webkit2gtk3-jsc.x86_64                                   2.38.3-1.fc36                        @updates                  
webrtc-audio-processing.i686                             0.3.1-8.fc36                         @anaconda                 
webrtc-audio-processing.x86_64                           0.3.1-8.fc36                         @anaconda                 
wget.x86_64                                              1.21.3-1.fc36                        @anaconda                 
which.x86_64                                             2.21-32.fc36                         @anaconda                 
whois-nls.noarch                                         5.5.15-1.fc36                        @updates                  
wine-staging-common.i686                                 1:8.0.rc2-1.1                        @nobara-baseos-multilib   
wine-staging64.x86_64                                    1:8.0.rc2-1.1                        @nobara-baseos            
winehq-staging.x86_64                                    1:8.0.rc2-1.1                        @nobara-baseos            
winetricks.noarch                                        20221231-1.fc36                      @nobara-baseos            
wireguard-tools.x86_64                                   1.0.20210914-2.fc36                  @fedora                   
wireless-regdb.noarch                                    2021.08.28-2.fc36                    @anaconda                 
wireplumber.x86_64                                       0.4.13-1.fc36                        @updates                  
wireplumber-libs.x86_64                                  0.4.13-1.fc36                        @updates                  
wlroots.x86_64                                           0.16.1-6.fc36                        @nobara-baseos            
wmctrl.x86_64                                            1.07-32.fc36                         @anaconda                 
woff2.x86_64                                             1.0.2-14.fc36                        @anaconda                 
wofi.x86_64                                              1.3-1.fc36                           @updates                  
words.noarch                                             3.0-39.fc36                          @anaconda                 
wpa_supplicant.x86_64                                    1:2.10-4.fc36                        @anaconda                 
wpebackend-fdo.x86_64                                    1.12.1-1.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
x264-libs.i686                                           0.163-6.20210613git5db6aa6.fc36      @rpmfusion-free           
x264-libs.x86_64                                         0.163-6.20210613git5db6aa6.fc36      @rpmfusion-free           
x265-libs.i686                                           3.5-5.fc36                           @rpmfusion-free-updates   
x265-libs.x86_64                                         3.5-5.fc36                           @rpmfusion-free-updates   
xapps.x86_64                                             2.2.8-2.fc36                         @anaconda                 
xcb-util.x86_64                                          0.4.0-19.fc36                        @anaconda                 
xcb-util-image.x86_64                                    0.4.0-19.fc36                        @anaconda                 
xcb-util-keysyms.x86_64                                  0.4.0-17.fc36                        @anaconda                 
xcb-util-renderutil.x86_64                               0.3.9-20.fc36                        @anaconda                 
xcb-util-wm.x86_64                                       0.4.1-22.fc36                        @anaconda                 
xdg-dbus-proxy.x86_64                                    0.1.3-1.fc36                         @anaconda                 
xdg-desktop-portal.x86_64                                1.12.6-1.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
xdg-desktop-portal-gnome.x86_64                          42.3-1.fc36                          @fedora-updates           
xdg-desktop-portal-gtk.x86_64                            1.12.0-5.fc36                        @anaconda                 
xdg-desktop-portal-wlr.x86_64                            0.5.0-2.fc36                         @fedora                   
xdg-user-dirs.x86_64                                     0.17-10.fc36                         @anaconda                 
xdg-user-dirs-gtk.x86_64                                 0.10-22.fc36                         @anaconda                 
xdg-utils.noarch                                         1.1.3-11.fc36                        @anaconda                 
xdpyinfo.x86_64                                          1.3.2-4.fc36                         @anaconda                 
xen-libs.x86_64                                          4.16.3-1.fc36                        @updates                  
xen-licenses.x86_64                                      4.16.3-1.fc36                        @updates                  
xfsprogs.x86_64                                          5.14.2-2.fc36                        @anaconda                 
xhost.x86_64                                             1.0.8-3.fc36                         @anaconda                 
xisxwayland.x86_64                                       1-3.fc36                             @anaconda                 
xkbcomp.x86_64                                           1.4.5-3.fc36                         @anaconda                 
xkeyboard-config.noarch                                  2.35.1-1.fc36                        @anaconda                 
xml-common.noarch                                        0.6.3-58.fc36                        @anaconda                 
xmlrpc-c.x86_64                                          1.51.08-1.fc36                       @updates                  
xmlrpc-c-client.x86_64                                   1.51.08-1.fc36                       @updates                  
xmlsec1.x86_64                                           1.2.33-3.fc36                        @updates                  
xmlsec1-openssl.x86_64                                   1.2.33-3.fc36                        @updates                  
xmodmap.x86_64                                           1.0.10-3.fc36                        @anaconda                 
xone.x86_64                                              0.2-3.fc36                           @nobara-baseos            
xone-firmware.x86_64                                     0.2-3.fc36                           @@commandline             
xorg-x11-drv-amdgpu.x86_64                               22.0.0-1.fc36                        @anaconda                 
xorg-x11-drv-ati.x86_64                                  19.1.0-7.fc36                        @anaconda                 
xorg-x11-drv-evdev.x86_64                                2.10.6-11.fc36                       @anaconda                 
xorg-x11-drv-fbdev.x86_64                                0.5.0-10.fc36                        @anaconda                 
xorg-x11-drv-intel.x86_64                                2.99.917-52.20200205.fc36            @anaconda                 
xorg-x11-drv-libinput.x86_64                             1.2.1-1.fc36                         @anaconda                 
xorg-x11-drv-nouveau.x86_64                              1:1.0.17-3.fc36                      @anaconda                 
xorg-x11-drv-openchrome.x86_64                           0.6.400-3.20210215git5dbad06.fc36    @anaconda                 
xorg-x11-drv-qxl.x86_64                                  0.1.5-20.fc35                        @anaconda                 
xorg-x11-drv-vesa.x86_64                                 2.5.0-3.fc36                         @anaconda                 
xorg-x11-drv-vmware.x86_64                               13.2.1-16.fc35                       @anaconda                 
xorg-x11-drv-wacom.x86_64                                1.0.0-1.fc36                         @anaconda                 
xorg-x11-drv-wacom-serial-support.x86_64                 1.0.0-1.fc36                         @anaconda                 
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-1-100dpi.noarch                   7.5-33.fc36                          @anaconda                 
xorg-x11-fonts-Type1.noarch                              7.5-33.fc36                          @fedora                   
xorg-x11-proto-devel.noarch                              2021.5-2.fc36                        @fedora                   
xorg-x11-server-Xephyr.x86_64                            1.20.14-12.fc36                      @updates                  
xorg-x11-server-Xorg.x86_64                              1.20.14-12.fc36                      @updates                  
xorg-x11-server-Xwayland.x86_64                          22.1.3-2.fc36                        @nobara-baseos            
xorg-x11-server-common.x86_64                            1.20.14-12.fc36                      @updates                  
xorg-x11-xauth.x86_64                                    1:1.1.1-2.fc36                       @anaconda                 
xorg-x11-xinit.x86_64                                    1.4.0-14.fc36                        @anaconda                 
xorriso.x86_64                                           1.5.4-4.fc36                         @fedora                   
xpadneo.x86_64                                           0.9.5-1.fc36                         @nobara-baseos            
xprop.x86_64                                             1.2.3-4.fc36                         @anaconda                 
xrandr.x86_64                                            1.5.1-4.fc36                         @anaconda                 
xrdb.x86_64                                              1.2.1-3.fc36                         @anaconda                 
xsel.x86_64                                              1.2.0-30.fc36                        @fedora                   
xset.x86_64                                              1.2.4-4.fc36                         @fedora                   
xvidcore.i686                                            1.3.7-9.fc36                         @updates                  
xvidcore.x86_64                                          1.3.7-9.fc36                         @updates                  
xwininfo.x86_64                                          1.1.5-4.fc36                         @anaconda                 
xxhash-libs.x86_64                                       0.8.1-2.fc36                         @anaconda                 
xz.x86_64                                                5.2.5-9.fc36                         @anaconda                 
xz-libs.i686                                             5.2.5-9.fc36                         @anaconda                 
xz-libs.x86_64                                           5.2.5-9.fc36                         @anaconda                 
yajl.x86_64                                              2.1.0-18.fc36                        @anaconda                 
yelp.x86_64                                              2:42.1-1.fc36                        @anaconda                 
yelp-libs.x86_64                                         2:42.1-1.fc36                        @anaconda                 
yelp-xsl.noarch                                          42.0-1.fc36                          @anaconda                 
ykpers.x86_64                                            1.20.0-9.fc36                        @anaconda                 
youtube-music.x86_64                                     1.18.0-1                             @@commandline             
yum.noarch                                               4.14.0-2.fc36                        @nobara-baseos            
yumex-dnf.noarch                                         4.5.1-0.5.git20221231.fc36           @nobara-baseos            
zchunk-libs.x86_64                                       1.2.3-1.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
zd1211-firmware.noarch                                   1.5-10.fc36                          @anaconda                 
zenity.x86_64                                            3.42.1-2.fc36                        @fedora-updates           
zerofree.x86_64                                          1.1.1-9.fc36                         @fedora                   
zeromq.x86_64                                            4.3.4-3.fc36                         @fedora                   
zfs-fuse.x86_64                                          0.7.2.2-23.fc36                      @updates                  
zimg.i686                                                3.0.3-1.fc36                         @fedora                   
zimg.x86_64                                              3.0.3-1.fc36                         @anaconda                 
zip.x86_64                                               3.0-32.fc36                          @anaconda                 
zlib.i686                                                1.2.11-33.fc36                       @fedora-updates           
zlib.x86_64                                              1.2.11-33.fc36                       @fedora-updates           
zlib-devel.x86_64                                        1.2.11-33.fc36                       @fedora-updates           
zram-generator.x86_64                                    1.1.2-1.fc36                         @anaconda                 
zram-generator-defaults.noarch                           1.1.2-1.fc36                         @anaconda                 
zstd.x86_64                                              1.5.2-2.fc36                         @fedora-updates           
zvbi.i686                                                0.2.35-16.fc36                       @fedora                   
zvbi.x86_64                                              0.2.35-16.fc36                       @fedora                   
